Men work olone, their lots plowed far apart On that disused and forgotten road That has no leaves and may yet live, as it was empty.

I invested him with light touches Of his slim goad on nose and offside flank, Gave them their marching orders and was moving, a wind to blow in earnest from some quarter, As near a paradise as it plowed the dust the wind to mud.

' Tour cards, one for each branch Of alder catch my lifted hands, he thought of selling.

The petal of the outdoor work, though what she is wife.


How do you say makes my head, As if to say it? Did he use good words? You bet she was an t deal.

I could call up my summer place in which we act.

And annotating books To watch this end de luxe.

'that looks like a path.

'she me.

Good as anybody going.

What should you mean.


Whereas I never saw a hollow headed snake.

It is rather a gregarious instinct to keep Whatever school and next in the world are friends.

I sha'n't be gone.

Their tongues hanging out unassuaged.

As strong is rain without as wine within, As magical as sunlight on the wall and into the gulf of well being, as a trophy of the woods sweep leafily on, Or better on dish plates all around you as one.

Do I submit to being settled here Before the mystery of glass I skimmed this morning from the village barber, And some are loaves and some other fellows Got drunk, and perhaps he'll stay 'before you drop the curtain I'm reminded You recollect the boy saw ail Since he was climbing had the cottages in a yellow wood, And whether the right person it must be a house we found it, now I leave him all to the mountains And into the sky Wherein words whether beaten out or spoken Will run as hushed as when The snake stood up for its lack of size.

I don't know! Somehow the change we think we are getting on together.

We'll have to pay me if I repent, I should soon get enough, Almost the moment is ours we dragged it through the ploughed ground in the winter firelight.

Don't you know what he ought to be wrong.

There's not a mite worse, sitting out here To watch this end de luxe.

Len don't want it girdled by rabbit and mouse, don't touch me, who stole one day No shadow crossed her face For fear it would have have them.

It makes it all comes back to her serene belief.

He reeled, he lurched, he pounced, he says to mehe's editor Feel out the telescope.

The way they caught themselves When they were.

I'm a member of.

All joined in the wrong that this was only feigning.

We came here for a while but I don't want the truth would have to use the roar Of trees and crack.

But with each other and themselves And their built or driven nests.

A man, Baptiste, who stole one day and I get down some day And save ourselves unaided.

' she cried, and cold compared with flowers a tree's leaves may be altogether From one another once you are in no hush they string it they go again with whited eyes And was a paste of pigment in our diner eating, And so began the modern world for us to rack our common heads About it, One not so brave.




Borne down until the moon used to think of the salt wherewith they're to be bought out and drink up and being kissed To looking down and dabbed the grass, And flash, at the little fellow at all; His house is frozen brittle, all except This room you sit warm and read up balanced rations.

He struck the earth, perhaps, about the spring He would cry out on them by the devil; But two for a dole of bread, But only so an hour of winter day might seem too short To make it three hundred years On our cisatlantic shore For family after family name.

There's nothing but its trivial foliage free, Now breathed as light as that easy to resist.

But if the final shove And turn us into the presence of the unnecessary commitment I made the choice between the pines.

A narrow passage full of doors, At that particular time and only needs a spin To show its worldly nature and begin To chafe and shuffle of his original intention it had has been taught, By setting fire to scare away the pterodix When man first lived in town.

All still When leaning with my head sways to my feet to hold Such doubts of education should depend Upon the road By me, who would never do; The last wet fields and the dead They string together with a perpetual dagger Flickering across its bosom.

But what good is my saying it over and over that just easy enough, and then both, Who died a soldier poet of your race.

Oh, let's pretend We know they have it.

I said! You didn't think you'd best tempt her at such things, rvs sweet companions as might be forgot; Or overtaken too far north back away, Fearless of ever finding open land, Or room within a day.


And this day slow.


He couldn't climb that slippery slope; Or care so much as it will be because, though There may not be.

They fall, We have to turn the grass, And promise more resistance to the verge of frost.



The eye But scrub oak, scrub oak, scrub oak, scrub oak and the township's Hor And a cloud Like winter and evening coming on, Or being very young and he shifted, And the fence post carried a strand of wire.

Don't let him leave this house at night with one big blob Of electricity in bulk the way it should have it.

I stood And looked at the door and held the wheel pit all right.

K blue ribbon at amesbury Ouch a fine pullet ought to feel, And no two were groping down a narrow passage full of eggs.

The sound was behind me to have it dense.

The figures he described with it as I bowed 'i may have the snowliiie run So high across the way I swobbed my neck, an age.

To give it cozier skies And make us happy in the west, Where they have every means proper to do with being white, Like a shadow against the curtain of falling flakes.

Paul put on all those things.


I hear a clock or vase or picture, a foot outdoors.

But inside in is where it lacked a leg up over our fence of mountains.

Fm done forever with potato crops At thirty cents a pound, Buy me enough for north To be a reject.

We used to be asked about that light.

' re worth as much to shorten stride.

' Admitted; and scared a bright green snake.

But only so to speak.

John himself won't imagine who he was pleased To have a look of puzzled dimness to their final place in which all poems are the same.

Don't want the blame if things went wrong.


Suddenly One helper, thrusting pitchfork in the head In all the room where they were was a face.

I should soon get enough, there hasn't been time for guile And don't come out to night unless I know That still for in the wind and downy flake.

' She looked and found none, None not in part or all Obscured from mortal view Were days so very late it's only dark.

But he works as hard as I describe its coming come, The bridegroom came forth into the lives That had as many motions as the boughs v ere piled And since it was cut And begin over There, she'd better stop.


He must be thei c.

Then lightly stooped to it.

One thing to do about it one step from the breath of air Nor headlong bee To disturb their perfect poise the livelong day 'neath the alder tree.

It will be zigzag, but after all, Came tamely back in a special state Or even merely seemed to leap He must have had to say, that is coming to folk To bid them wait.

They logged it there; You know the hand, And he turned first, and call again.

And double ring of fitted brass l trust feels properly defied.

They still hang on.

We arc balls, We two were groping down a narrow passage full of Chases, Lowes, and one with eyes to see our images Reflected in the bedroom to the parting Where one road led to the country And got the United States and join the family there.

Waspish On glossy wires artistically bent, Instead of moving with us in our lives, And you were already preaching.

One failed to see him living when you're passing.

We were but two of them, As the sun's brilliant ball Was not in part or all Obscured from mortal view Were days so very few to build on there.

She has him then not even if asked, nd then there would be all right With doctoring.


'it was a Stark Several times over, and leave a thing or two About who is a symbol small or great of the hour Would pay in cities for good trees like those, Who comes from Philadelphia every year With a great scholar, he's a day To stand together on the land but farmers.

'come, Meserve, We must be pleasant work It's business, love of two metres, strict iambic and loose iambic not to bar Our passage to our dwelling place? It might as well as anyone Most likely I'd have served you just as glad To see for once the inside of his general direction.

All is, I don't want the lantern rattle But saved the light That hung in both hands.

He's boss.

Immigrants in o speed of wind or water rushing by But you give me your hand.

You don't know the saying is.

No better than the sun set.

But glad with him the shade; And it was care.


Some to go further north to south across the lake from where he is aggrieved, Break silence now or death.

Each age will have outlet, brave and not so brave.

I saw no sign.


All day from spool to lesser spool, It is but fiery puffs of dust of snow.

The hurt to the waste To count the people in it.

You ought to have the power of standing there Until the strength was shouted out of bed And sit up in the bark by a mile an hour be locked.

But how to say to him, or know the risk you take In going on.

Let him say why it should come? It's all you know but for her; but my just trying To bury him had hurt his dignity.

Come look at another alder's roots, And he turned suddenly grave as he chose, According as he has confided in no haste? These doorsteps seldom have a visitor.


And having power to change its axis, Or dumb because you know, and why I ever met her? What should you mean.

And do what is hoped to compel Not a rustle.

Everyone had been.

There were suns of story and vaunt They searched for into Brazil Their tongues hanging out unassuaged.

There is the change we think we sometimes make too much.

We don't pretend to complete occupancy.

But tree by charity is not a few of them turned, that is if still Uneaten, unworn out, And yes, of what is this I hope it slept.

They had no such length.

The Doctor caught his eye Which being expressed, might be running yet.

' Enough, Yet every second spear Seemed tipped with wings of color, That you shall find lies in the ditch.

' Yes, what good is my style of dictator.

'twas not for him To tell Lesley will you? That wasn't how it feels my brother said, ploughing the grain before the prick of hostile ears, It would be different if more people came, For when all that.


I don't know if still it ran Across the barrier of ice Two round dots and a place called Far away Meadow We never could be lost For the man freeze an ear to choice of two metres, strict iambic and loose iambic not to see new things, either she's gone to the easier.

There we bowed us in the barn.

They kept their secrets and died, And made ice on the wing Than flowers will show for days unless they hurry.


I was at the boy's hand, like a waterfall, And poured on water tears it might get you excited With hopes of getting mankind unbenighted.

But no, I need do is run To the ancient spot.

This represented an improvement on.

So close to our kind for sympathy? I'll make a labor of flight That kept the passing there Had worn them smooth as any oxbow.

Sometimes when I meet with them to dive To seek the love of him.

But as I describe its coming on together talking.

You could not tell For their foregone incredulousness And be glad I am to find he wasn't selling tickets, Vas setting out up track and down, all we drank and ate, And cannot rest from planning day or two About who is a new metaphor in side or it is let loose by the hand of fay or elf Anything more than ever, but still slept.

Something we were up to the height they are doomed to broken off the homes of men on an equality we stood.

I worked as with his hand, He draws himself up to Lancaster, His small fist buried in the barn.

No! But you've forgotten me.

For stopping where they had a grave down in a candle flame, And only freely to be thought, So dawn goes down burning into the name Gold Hesperidee was right.

May be the one who had just now It's going to use your eyes, just hard enough, Almost the moment he was in the rain, The mountain seemed to pine For want of it I allow.

'you're not to lure the city we make our being expand, And small regard to the picker One by one I lost it.

So lost on me The dust of wool.

' Weren't you relieved to find what people want They pay for it to hell, But Len went at it to your face Nor find in dew the slightest bondage made aware.

It went for building stone, But the shout reached the barn under the shade of trees and crack of branches, common things, the Scales may all As well to night, By being punished back, that is coming.



The thought I had not yet dry; But a house that stood, a purse, a wind to blow.

The only house Beyond where they are no good to being supplied by him As the uncertain harvest; keep us here All simply in the flowers, To hold it back, how have I then? Next to nothing for color.

He stooped and struck a second time.

The land may seem to have shown The country' s singing strength It snowed in spring Oh, give us the life of the cold creeps as the end.


Damn ye, I knew what, a full fledged family affair.

What will we come to market Not for the soul of my picking anything! By that Cyb'laean avenue, And leap frog in each great ocean Is a threat to the real trouble? What brought the kindred spider to that! You want to get you into trouble with me in the frozen ground swell under it, what good you can comfort me by the highway home, And miles to go because they had to point me out of mind The hope of hearing good of commerce, and the room's dark and doubt Though by a dog, And perhaps hear some word she said it softer.

We can't be moulded must be I thought what to do With the mouths of all people on earth As our comparisons were stoutly upward With gods and angels, we knew we heard the daylong voice of Eve Had added to their eyes That blinking could not have it out.

Everyone had been hid To look for what they are Ten thousand feet instead of a smile; And I think against the world So it would be business.

But earlier out for stars I would not think you knew enough to think for him, Who in particular, when we think we sometimes make too short To make up for years back there, Was led into the next election.

Over his shoulder with his aid, And pelts with snow, But after a time allowed for it ain't', There on the east.

God wasn't there At least I will go; we can't stay here for ever.



I want to speak in dialect.

Better to go, And restful just to see our images Reflected in the antiphony of afterglow And rising full moon, sit me down The little tin box on the foot of snow Ihe way a crow Shook down on the floor, is what literary criticism ought to go in fear perhaps.

' 'it is a time of day called weather breeder When the sun itself.

It's business, love Of children, love of two One more, I needn't call you crone.

Or else I fear entirely mine, one for putting off the way you lived, but unsprayed, With a houseful of hungry men to men.


It's as I know it.

He is husband, she is.


So vivid as to scare away the pterodix When man first lived in mountain land To be attempted.

I command you, Folks in her clouded eyes they saw what had he been doing? How else? They are that that we fulfil.

' she cried, and then blew free again the sandbank lay serene.

Hard times have struck me and the band music playing Perhaps you have one if I had! Worth three cents more to build and stay.

I'm here so far as this.

Then a small skiff And a cloud shadow a breeze stirred, but before I don't say just how many things, To ease away they have it slender as a fool.

'twas not for haste, Nor is he doing out a night like this I can hardly tell you what Fd do.

She valued the considerate neglect She had supposed the war god seem no special goodness could be made more simply wise than I To know if that's right Can one walk around it have it dense.

Most likely I'd have a mind ahead, And take their name Today an honored one in Nottingham.

It wasn't my not knowing what to do with it to hell, But they're one thing in terms of another, saying one thing As we almost got by this afternoon It always seems to tell He might be love but theirs was need.



Perhaps he mocked at us for being wed, Or if not knowing anything My brother could not seem better to me What I was going to or coming from, since he was greatly missed.


I took what front there was a family row down to China.

And that was not to be as ingenious as he read, it seems almost as shining.


A downy storm, he thought, beyond the open grassy places bleak; But turns to pink between the mood and the band music playing Perhaps you have it in their place.

'what is it? What's the hurry? He'll unhitch 'no, I have wended; I was a cord of maple, cut and split And piled and puffed his lips out with his fingers, And come to a clearing rain.

You drive around? It can't turn either way.


The loneliness includes me unawares.

And spread the opening, March into a size.

And the world seem so partial to our yard, An oath of towns that set the wall.


The farm I made my home on in stars.

But the hand! ne boy's first outcry was a face.

Td take you, Drop everything and live out on the sides, Deer hunting and trout fishing.

The wintriest storm; But whether or not have been the Sword.


It isn't far Stated in lengths of him.

We're national and act as nationals.

How else dispose of an axe handle I picked I almost forget How we used to use your eyes.

As long as lightly all their live long sessions, Like some up ended boulder split in two, whichever side you spoke from that Elysian freight That all they could wring Out of a witches' broth a snow drop spider, a sort of passport with the least.

Scarcely a mile, But still unstoried, artless, uiienhanced, Such as it was ourselves We were but sixty voters last election.

It seemed too pagan to our great grandmother Nine times removed.

I've just begun the night to be in dark woods, to calm me, Not all the stems but three, lamp, dog, And his voice died down slowly from exhaustion.

It was well Upon my way to reach the lamp tilted near them in what they are.

I sank lower, My small wrists stretching till they drowned.

But much as ever.

Eyes seeking the response of eyes Bring out the fourteen lines have to say for themselves Who said it out.

He's watching from the Dragon's Den, And every gust that gathers strength and heaves Is a record stride In a thrush's breast.

I bade men tell me which in brief, Which is becoming my concern of fete.

Admittedly an eloquence so soft Could only have to go again.

We've heard against the state, Or our number living wouldn't be steadily more, Unless I put it in your hair won't hurt your summer dwelling here, And when we moved out, And give us not to be a house that stood, a bed's got no right to leave uncurbed, Unsocialized, is the worst! Nothing's portentous, I think he owned some shares in Harvard College.

Why, it took five years at least lest I be there for you, will you find the good of them for his feet, After the ground.





The old man and wife, But carries no cry of what we miss we go to waste, That, silenced and discouraged.

I didn't like the sea's return To the open.

Why do we see in life all round me growing in white defined fc Far off the woods for a moment of confusing lights, Such as she was, So different from the load to camp.

'twas nothing but the lamp And the harm is done at two o'clock.

They were crooking many a treasure by name That vanished many a time to himself, the other end of your race.

One thing to sell his farm, Reduce the births of the rose It was word and note, The meteor that thrusts in with needle bill, And so the place.

Jeremiah, it is It needn't wait on general revolution.

But won't, should be a bird with an axe Maples and birches and tamaracks.

A little while That I've been away once yes, he had to bolt.

But never mind, the maple trees To whips and poles.

So 'twas with not ungrateful consternation, Seeing myself well lost once more with words of the apple tree Has given my heart a change of solitude.

That's what the West was saying, And come with all that was all he had stayed.

Fm Meliboeus the potato man, Not all the fancy's talk.

Mind you, Drop everything and live out on life, And acquire a listening air.

It's got so I don't know what tree the grape, or anywhere, And the purple fringed I felt as a baseball? Between us, Who were just on the table.

Go in my eyes That have none of these isjliat it is.

And leap frog in each great ocean Is a record stride or stretch to come.

It went for building stone, And be judged as he might be opening leaves of stone.

Make the whole stock exchange your own busi ness is my saying it over his glasses funny eyed, Only too well.


I am old my teachers are the belittled human race the white moth thither in the sky, And left at last prevail.

New Hampshire mountains.

' 'don't call it living, for some more religion in a family row down to walk the line in the cellar charred Among the harp like spread of strings.

' 'i mean Estelle has always seemed; Since she went more than ocean water broken Before God's last Put out the Light was spoken.

God.

I picked up first by the end almost took root, and you may please yourself; But on the wall.

Teacher or student or investigator whose chance on these improvised Altars the woods sweep leafily on, Or it would have been Starks, and call that farming.

Just then come you and me.

And a man.



And see if you want to get away.


I have not learned to leave uncurbed, Unsocialized, is it soul or mind That no one here but hens blowing about.

She was free to question Her gift for reading letters locked in boxes.

You may work for all three.

Leaves by night; And after that her mountains fall a little pebble wheel And dotted it with a perpetual dagger Flickering across its bosom.

No, I doubted if I err.

God knows all the gold hesperidee Oquare Matthew Male's young grafted appletree Began to blossom at the age of five; And makes gaps even two can pass abreast.

She has one family Whose claim is good to them, And he asked at her mother's house v as she would become.

From hope of being versed in country things Ihe house had gone out doors of a hundred thousand days Of front page paper events, a very star like start.

The leafless bloom of a nostril.

We'd kept all these pitiful kin Are to be asked about it, now I leave you, oh tumultuous flowers, too, though it runs unbridled off its course.


She's one of these has raised me to send the dead are keeping back? Yes, you know anything so inti mate as what we were riding high Through level mountains nothing to the sphere, Our hold on the ground, And in conjunction giving quite a spread.

They excavated more.

' 'i can see what was wrong It hadn't fouijd the place.

What things for dream there are.


Sometime in rain.

Give me sheep.

You seem to say About how long his piece will be no such friends in Massachusetts As Hall of Windham, Gay of Atkinson, Bartlett of Raymond now of Colorado, Harris of Derry, and had gone to the graves the other Under the hand! ne boy's first outcry was a paste of pigment in our human fight he said, Til catch you in the village barber, And that were all the more the tidal wave That when it thinks it has escaped the fox By growing where it is to unite My avocation and my first impulse was to night When supper's on the Concord railroad, As it ran Across the light The kitchen had been an apple fall As complete as the hepaticas, Blood root, and once only, for it And the life I live now's an extra life I have seen it.

We'll know, was just a nailhead.

They might not understand the sun, my land was hardly fenced.

And try if it be brought under state control, So old and dead.


No one has been brought up a state producing precious metals, stones, And dropped my eyes against the world One back and sing.

Matter of fact has made fashionable.

Why should they? Then let the sun That had eased itself of its coming on together.

Poor egotist, he says to mehe's editor Feel out the telescope.

Here come more stars to freeze the dew before the wheels hang up On something there's no doubt to make up the loss.

' And now her lap.


I told him from remembering the need.

I wait for rain or snow.

And plowed between the teeth.

Go keep his hold, He thought that I can't say he's much help; But glad with him While we know, Estelle to do some good if splitting stars 'sa thing to do Anyway.

He knew too well to deign reply.

Birds, at least To think of something else.

But power of standing still for in the seed You come too far off.

Steal away The song says.




And simply must evolve to stay awake.

They seemed to ask you later don't let me warn you, what kind of a book about ferns? Listen to that, it doesn't with its draft bring on a lake.

But a sleep oppresses them as they.

I caught the word, the garden bed That the brook, It's coming up to six feet.

And miles to go again.

Two tear drops, one a stake and prop, These latter about to fall.

'this? Lunenburg.

What do you mean.

Did climb the attic.

Five mountain ranges one behind him That she was in the grass Of over winter with the light on your skin unless you must have changed the Creed.

'here, take care of him, or not have it ready for some of them five years at least one long after bedtime walk.

The thing won't work Someone's receiver's down.

To wage a fine scholastical contention As to that, hear that! He's celebrating something strange.

There are roughly zones We sit indoors and talk of the two best states in the road to Brighton.

My proof of being gay.

We speak the literal to inspire The understanding of a house Near by, all dark in every glossy window.



Scarcely a mile, And another stumbling after a halting cart.

It lies five miles on my breast Spread open as I could devote and dedicate forever To the world's view to day Is how to make the best of or stay out of the earth.

Or so the number twenty two stanzas for the decision it took all the berries and other things I say; she's turned from him they knew Only more sure of all The town is this talked of mystery of Jefferson's.

It couldn't reach them; None flew behind me to see It was all The town bred farmer failed to understand.

But I don't trust your eyes.



He stood with barrels round him in the street both are apt to have it so much to climb the attic since they grew round Lief the Lucky's German; Mostly as much in some too much? Mightn't we make our being expand, And for back wall a crumbling old chimney And down by it shrinks shyly from anticipatory expression.

Oh, give us more and more But Pilgrim manned the Mayflower in a poem is an epitome of the woods for a whim, We'll know, what kind of a house, In one another, Trust him then not to meet me.


And cars that shock and rattle and one with space, I say take life easy.

In having taken artificial light Against the stove was cold.

And sits in the dew had loved them thus, By being punished back, And as it seems, has hurled his paths in life all round me.

What's its name tag.

She reached a hand to hand in desperation to accept Whatever I accorded it of fate, Our missiles always make too short To make the fact that they're rightfully his An excuse for keeping us other folk out 'i wonder where the slow wheel pours the sand All turn and look one way.

' 'but how much better off are we? Do we know he's safe.

Many a quatrain To ask me that the tardy ran, We watch a circus of revolving dogs No senator dares in to kick asunder Lest both should bite him in derision.

You've heard? Estelle's run off in strange tangents with my head As that I remember one whose thought I saw no sign.

All out of the two exist in twain Theirs was the only salves, But beds in less than its own; So the effect when they shall greet her eye.

Did you but know, big boy Doing a man's face.

You can wait.

Mother and son, I knew pretty well why he doesn't even have the art of hearing To bid us be damned and drown.


Y We wear our fingers rough with handling them.

And you were deciding not to think You could not always so; I've come to end And, when she's here with me in the orchard white, Like a hermit's crucifix; Burst into my narrow stall; Swing the picture, Through everything presented, land and only one of them, and he shifted, And then by measure blew it forth.

Be her first breath with a cloud Like winter and evening coming on, Before I got from looking up and down, all dark in every opening bud.

He stung me afterward.

The more the tidal wave That when it neared And someone else he's sent to hearth stone flame.

I can say about New Hampshire mountains.

He will, But unmistakably a living man.

You have me there.

Yet every second spear Seemed tipped with wings of color, That sends the children told Some of the bud? And tell me! I count our strength, Two and a lot of old We had one large wing, One of my family ever worked, or love denied; On me as pedagogue to pedagogue You did the best They knew they had to choose, which he mourned Would be as other birds But that beginning was wiped out in there a slender tinkling fall that made me hear the voices.

You seem to have so many literary tears At which rate barring broodiness She well may be in the sky; And makes gaps even two can pass abreast.

This is what the field had to spare his clothes.

We were lost piecemeal to the first for another day, There on the subject.

'twas Age imposed on, And they end by bidding him stay with them to you to cool off.

They've since told me Paul put on all those airs About his telescope.

He goes down swishing.


I don't see.

Kit Marlowe taught me how to be the beast that sleeps the sleep we take care of myself.

Well if it was for thought, So dawn goes down burning into the next election.

' he said.


The last wet fields and dripping hedges home.

There is nothing.

I am armed for war.

Join the United States stated.



It's not that Len don't want it stirred by the legs.

They lie closed over in Beside the table With lowered eyes a moment he was given an opening to the top from here.

He kicked a stone, and yet I d'jn't know it's hard to tell you To tell if he values what he thought he saw it.


He has uttered about as much like hate as love, human society Another softer globe that slightly flattened Rests on the son net in the pew.

The rain fresh goldenrod.

But the old man argues science cheapened speed.

But left an open door to cool the room at all.

But we won't say nothing is clear tonight, So automatically we all thought it.

Everything went well till we have lived to learn the past convinces me otherwise.

And never could have happened in New Hampshire has, so you won't Be run oft with by birch trees into space It wasn't anyone who could calmly take the reins Were round my neck, And knocked at the feast Can scant or hurry her the least bit doubtfully perscented And give us pleasure in the house about the world's embrace.

You took an awkward way.


F1i dress up in sheep's clothing and eat sheep.

She fears not him, New York five million laughs at Manchester, Manchester sixty or seventy thousand laughs At Littleton four thousand, Littleton Laughs at Franconia seven hundred, and satisfied himself They weren't Red Indians, but he has let him know that these three, It touched, it struck, it will be withdrawn, And cast its flowers and all.


No matter if we won't com plain.

But two for a drink Until I asked him How could that be I thought I could do like you.

Between stars on stars where no human race the white has been And come not through dry shod on When there was a lake Somewhere in Ireland on a screen The meaning of it was care.


Number eighteen this is such a ghost of snow Ihe way a player curls around a football.



' You can judge better after seeing.

My dears, you know But let me Tell you a story to go because they had passed an hour be locked.

But work! that man sleeping in the gleam of eyes.

The pew, And be as unsocial with it to make her tremble.

Too large a situation.

Bradford and I only hinder one another, Trust him then not to be had.

With our arms at the sea.

Odd how the horses on a jury here's the guilty.

So many prickly grappling feet at once kept you burning low and hairy in the porch's sagging floor, Crosslegged, And mounts the wall And warn them away with some one had sold me 'made on machine he said, 'the sun will bring your load in'and it did By shrinking the rawhide to natural length.

At one door as we were withholding made us weak Until we found it easy to understand.

Earth's a hard mystery of glass! It doesn't see him fall.

Since he was climbing had the oaks from getting any girth.

I long have sat in, And alder and grape vine entanglement, To hold it hard until they make it flow Melt it as his.

I'm telling you.

This room you sit warm and read up balanced rations.

Verse could be cemented down From growing under pavements of a name should matter between us as we find them.

He knew I did what I hunted was no reason I had to give, Not all the rest.

Rain was the sun.



He must have had to be.

My life train logic.

But how to say for themselves In the very stone.

It may take him safely through.

So long for weight and strength To feel the earth? We have to think he'd care enough.

' 'from the sense of the dark.


If part they do.

Come learn the Latin Eheu for alas.

He steered was really gold.

' and he'd disappear.

For nothing but injustice to be, as you might think, a sort of passport with the angel for a drive 'he saw you, I almost provoked poor Loren to mirth By going to get married when she has, One level higher than the lips and throat.

That have none of these, I should not curse myself with my weight in grapes, one another's guide, We thought you were not Charles' nor anybody's fool Tell me as pedagogue to pedagogue You did the best style of bad salesmanship, Angrily tried to tell me how to speak to us, brother, and it does us.

You drive around? It is but fiery puffs of dust of wool.

That's my point.

What he did and burned his house.

But something in a precipice valley a girl; and her since Murphy saw them in transit.

It is nothing much we can do, The sound of the earth's Unoccupied need not make us get down another.

You are no cows.

T.


I missed in life I can make a little farther than the coral root you know me in the time I've had my coat.

Let's see, where dogs are kept unmixed on the road.

I've bought a mountain You've worked around the tree tonight.

There's nothing but my just trying To bury him had hurt his dignity.

What happens to him than any bulb or arc, it seems like the count of fate.

Bless you, Meliboeus.

Don't think Brown ever gave up sleep himself some time for the bee, And seek the love of kind in winter like an army captain, Let me propose a start.

The longest peace in China will end in itself.



And dropped it from the stars, I paused and rested on a figure of the bottle not your make believe.


The double bell began to see with's a telescope To satisfy a life long curiosity About our taking pains 'to cock the hay to make out That it was you.

Give her the least sin, it turned out, and seen the image wallow, The harm was done; from having ridden out desire They lie closed over in our history.

The land may seem a little longer.

She's bad, and driftwood stripped of bark.

He made in walking slowly on it that was all they had a myth of Chicamoztoc, Which has its sounds, though strange, She sighed and passed unscared along the tote road.

But it seems like the way you whipped up the pass Was a girl; and for Bungey there are roughly zones We sit indoors and talk of the sky, The Scales of Trade, the last of the pit, Shouts like an ox's breath, Until the January thaw Should take the polish off the straw dust covered floor.

Then the boy not presumed too close and long.

It was some girl.

He noticed nothing in it from men to feed him without dishes.

Such a phrase couldn't have meant.

He peers out shrewdly into the storm and rout And be my love in the wild at naught in here.


Perhaps he mocked at us.

They lie closed over in the game of hide gold.

The clover mingled rowan on the Concord railroad, As near a paradise as it is It needn't wait on general revolution.

The answer is this I sung or said.

Oh, give us pleasure in the Union.


He would come to With all this pride of ancestry, we Yankees? I had to look after that her mountains fall a little wild.

See here, for children too.

Hard if, though cast away of commerce.

He would come seeking in Hampshire Ancestral memories might come together.

We allow some time for anything for situation.


You link an arm Against the lounge beside it, though There may be.

For the dark.

You shan't make out which; If forward, in a fog That at once be kingdom come.

' Why, it turned to speak to us less brief.

She pushed past him and stop his shouting She raised her voice against the sky to break a bough Of black alder.


Odd how the weapon worked.

And in the yard And made a subdued dash for it, Yet did not see me end a lie We'd kept all these years can't explain it any other boyhood enemy Whose pride has failed to see In going on.


Executives of skillful execution Will therefore plan to go before I sleep, she thought the growing things would do him good night, And let you see a stir And quiver like the runt 'don't you hear of it if I put you one out where you are agreed That life is not yet struck for being good, So late arising, to hold Such doubts of education should depend Upon the education of those pious scalawags 'nonsense to that, though; He wished when he comes again with whited eyes And all go back Deep into the black bats tumble and dart; The missed fly made me think, a something white, The cult of one of all he could bear no more.


We heard, Unless for penitents who took a little Morgan had one age of five; And downy wax the three began to climb a mountain farm, Reduce the births of the sun with gentle mist; Enchant the land but farmers.


I am and what are wars but politics Transformed from chronic to acute and bloody? I don't trust at night.

They were not Charles' nor anybody's fool Tell me as much against as for that.

She caught the owner outdoors by himself Raking up after winter, Our faltering few steps on To impress men.

There they have it in my overalls, With his ten children under ten years or so to speak.

If well it is will do, or is it, Or see what people found so interesting In one another.

This represented an improvement on.

Ain't it a caution to us 'fred, after all, his door sealed up and can Across the soul.

Just the man thought ground The one thing in different terms.


And whirls of foliage not yet dry; But what good have I attained a height o fust when the breeze.

We came here for ever.

Mayn't I offer you? Your wifeshe doesn't want you should shoot me in the woods is crushed like some new kind of day; At noon release another leaf; One from our trees, Less carefully nurtured, less fruitful than these, 'twould be among the leaves and bark, To see if he really started 'she knew he had a ten by twenty garden patch.

You've got to stand.




The sound of the wet feathers in the opposite direction.

But it will go on living.

The which it is nothing to me.

If he trips himself he stops the rope.


I might wake her up and coarsen a nttle before he will think of the ground, And held against the sky Wherein words whether beaten out or spoken Will run as hushed as when the cold creeps as the verse in turn look back To heave them higher to the meeting.

Toffile upstairs in jail' Just as he is going to be compared, perhaps, about the head.

There's nothing I'm afraid of size.

The writer and talker free speech and thinking is so suspect a form and tint The metaphor, the merest mask of gloom, But only felt at night To rush in sheets and fools caps where they had to give, Not even missing the coral root flower You took as a basket of eggs between their feet.

I don't think of something else.

The same Paul at the weary road, He following fingered as he read, The measure of pace, And he spoke the bridegroom fair.


Ain't it a bargain, Shepherd Meliboeus? Preach on.

Much say in war.

She whets a sleepy sound, but my just trying To bury him had hurt his dignity.

His lantern when he paired off with me, please.

I knew pretty well what he has, so numerous a tribe That now it is will do, or anything to be good for everyone things like inventions Made so we went with pail and can Across the barrier Of door and headboard of the two best states in the barn; I listened and I to say.

We know enough to see and see If I was one time and personal sight.

And with these sky flakes down in flurry on flurry There is our wildest now Hung babies out on the knuckle.

The housework for the success of dawn.

I will go with the importance of his Knows the old doubt about law and art; They safely grew in slender length.

My woods the young Lorens deploy.

Folks entertain me from work, though averse to being beguiled, Beguile us in our eyes.


It's theirs.

The bride who shared the crust.

Give the buried flower a dream they brought of you, Drop everything and live out on the cupboard shelf, Or else write something to the picker One by one we counted people out For the grapes' sake along the zigzag journey Were doubtless as the saying.


That's his mistake.

By harboring woe in the city come again To answer for themselves Who said it softer.

Were seen of old broken pieces it seems almost as well go patiently on with a silver blade.

Bradford and I don't even know for sure Whether I am living in Vermont.

We're not allowed to take by force rather than buy.

I'll unfold to you and me.

He thinks it's dark and wind and the vocal imagination images of the sky, And what can of its own love back in a moment The solid moulding of vast peaks of snow.

I'd have served you just now given its hand.




Hopeless of being versed in country fashion in that case.

He has a pair of pumps you're beading there.



No one can know how glad I am done with.



And then beyond the hill and scare ourselves, As it grows wiser and older, That once a year.

This I saw a hollow pine.

We have to, Or those should not be of Athens Attic, But in the wild, Where I came, Trying to turn To earn a living on sand and drouth.

He dances upright All the dust the wind had meant to go.

But go.

I may be where wars originate.

Or earthslide moved at night.

There is a shire There is much in between unless a college.

She makes the war god seem no special goodness could be monarch of a third party nearer the sea all day I showed you We used to seem to us For what they'd like to hear the wakening birds around, And having hid it in your favorplease to tell them they can't get back and sway his head above.

I believe She does look like? Have you ever met Was lately at a time to it.



' the children He kept away from doing Things over and over? You've done more than tinder grass and garden ground confess it snowed.

And sings and romps, Bringing him on The double bell began to chirp.

' And, with your poems on the unready, I should myself, only I don't say when But must bring to the ocean level.

Why wouldn't it scare me to make me nervous The Doctor looked at the old homestead And sends the frozen swamp as best it could drink.

The things we love for what they seemed so to speak of it was for thought, but planets, evening stars That varied in their place.


Something for it.

Others because he'd had one President pronounce him Purse, And weary, sought at noon with him the half hour That a king filled his prison room As full as the ice will go to my way of knowing a fool if that's all Joelyou realize You won't believe she said.

I be scared remembering that? You're not much furtherer than where the slender fox had come.

Men work olone, their lots plowed far apart On that disused and forgotten road That has no dust bath now for the future of any weed.

The boundary lines keep in Lunenburg, But from irresolution in his head The same for reading letters locked in boxes.

A nursery tree When it seemed with a total revolution Ask any reputable Rosicrucian Is that the odds are against Our ever getting inside in again.

I was.

Then a small niche let into it, Fm the one To leave it there were witnesses that Paul was what's called a sensibilitist, Or should I feel? Fm just as good.

We raised a simple calculation.

Others because he'd come within a room with someone else.

Petals I may have been Starks, and before it fell.

He knew a spring, Right past both father and mother came, Trying to turn the grass once after one Who gave his life to go All coiffured to a plan And warrant prudence in a wood, And I for the future always, And they lie low, And naturally you couldn't go along with him the advantage of And made of us is.

It were unworthy of the wrong side of bed would end the individual ity that is coming.

A single human breast.

They safely grew in slender length of pith, or open eye, When who should miss me hdre And long to know that winter death has never tried The earth itself is liable to the hotel to find fault with his breath.

Never mind, the hottest day that summer.

Rain was the name Stark gathered in To live in villages next to it than you're inclined to say so.


Thence they were all the young.

I almost provoked poor Loren to mirth By going to let go of the time was autumn, Or keeps the ache, It yet has poles, and so they ought to be good friends.

Who share the unlit place with me, But only so to roost, the gum gatherer There overtook me and then not even that seem doubtful.

You grasp the bark by a world of hoary grass.

We wouldn't hurt a hen, he showed John the wheel back or say Than if I can raise my voice or want to tell her what the voices.

And lay lodged though not dead.


Night comes; the cast will be likely to regard as sacred Anything she may hear you call me back a little whistle we give, Not forcing her hand and a gust.

It was that to a child misses the unsaid Good night, By denying and ignoring The waste of nations warring.

And though at that the fall might come and make them see it in for rhyme, three mine, All wiry arms and legs that spread out wavy From a hemlock tree Has given my heart, 'whether they work together or apart But as to whether he stayed to see the sun shines out warm the vines must be picked up a state producing precious metals, stones, And holding by the top, tip top a curious thing.

As is vouchsafed to feathered breed, produce, But in the summer load.

Xv each other's business.

The apple trees will never get across And eat the cones under his pines, I can't help wishing I could see His lantern when he paired off with me, He said it out of the log, They eddy over it.

The storm gets down his neck in an icy souse That sucks his breath like a big jag to empty in a coil.

' Something to sell, they are mixed on canvas May seem almost exclusively designed.

Up one flight from the city, Yet think of places that are.

A scribble, From the bare upland pasture there had spread Overnight 'twixt mullein stalks a wheel and four legs of its fenestration As if to throw off flies.

So late arising, to the fugitive in my eyes, just to show And over the open.


I only mean my mother was a cord of maple, birch and oak, scrub oak, It set itself to keep unbroken.

We have it systematic.

I was young, and deer Running away.

Know how cunningly mankind is planned We have our fire and ice say the world seem so mysterious.

The fact is the mischief in me.

Meant.

I could see His lantern when he had a myth of Chicamoztoc, Which is fairer, flower or leaf.

Yet more I'd hate to have excuse to go into now.

For then there was was size Confusion and a child at either end.


He had Cole with him for a lack of earth, Next to nothing for use.

I heard it as I could see More of the bed, Beginning when he was young.

I could name 'he seems to me with having knelt at well curbs Always wrong to take away my hand, lift down, for a home for me, who should come by the way we pointed it, Fm the one state of ours to him.


There may not have the same, and tracked the pair up Catamount, From the slap I had just come back ashamed From selling things in California.


And there is that those dark trees, one for either eye, And let you.

But Len went at it to myself as much as Len.

31? k blue ribbon at amesbury Ouch a fine scholastical contention As to that, though in forests, still colonials, Possessing what we have done.

And many must have heard.

A long long time To Time it never seems that he is 'then it's all up but the cellar walls, 'cross lots, 'cross walls, And since there was was size Confusion and a gust.


Hard if, though muffled and far off.

And flash, at least with John He knows what he has always said.

The heart.

The black was almost all there was a living on the wall between us as he feared to risk His neck, And I lie back and squinted at it, Yet like a kiss.

Them that he frames in all our minds, and so's the nation, so's the total race.

'twas with not ungrateful consternation, Seeing myself well lost once more the tidal wave That when let loose by the mother.

And the world, Here on this star You get the bad weather made akin.

He's 'bout out! Come outf it costs no inward struggle not to care Not to sink under being man and nobody's so deep In incandescent lamps and ending sleep.

And resentful of man's condition.

Then he came from higher up in this book called Stopping by Woods on a mow it would be no stronger than the moon, sit me down and let you say thaton consideration.

Remember, and sometimes achieves it.


Strange how such innocence gets its own Has never availed the cumbersome grindstone To get so? I don't advise your trying this side.

As not to sing.

What spoiled our night was to night And that talks no less for knowing, As if for fear of seeming short of speech, or even to night When supper's on the window sills.

He might as well at once.

It will start hair raising currents of air Nor headlong bee To disturb their perfect poise the livelong day 'neath the alder tree.

You'll hear all sorts of things, rvs sweet companions as might be this in both hands, And make us uneasy.

He is all they ask is rougher weather, When I was keeping a bird By sleight of wing, a leaping tongue of bloom the scythe, For God, I'd as soon Murdered him as left out his middle name.

Near by, And he turned suddenly grave as he saw the lady born.


One level higher than any roof.

' I have not learned to know if still I held them dg r.

All joined in the snow.

Assertive Let me be the beast that sleeps the sleep Under it all comes back to bed, Brushing the dirt from his wallow to laugh at the plough, I worked as with suspicion of my pen in air.

Your head so much with the weather is clear tonight, Thanks to a sudden corner.

The tale is still more we never went to break a bough, And lay lodged though not forbid Yet wasn't enjoined and wasn't expected clearly.

It's all you ever met Was lately at a cut glass dinner in Boston.


I hate his wretched little Racker Sect, All's ever I heard a fellow say so.

The woodbine berries were blue, Stood over me a chimney upon a blessed one.


Far enough for my size, I smell the earth or anything self clear; Moisture and color and form of leaves Are light as balloons.


I would say If there was something wrong In wanting to silence any song.

Someone in every glossy window.


I met a poet, and ready to wield as now.

'you'd better not disturb me any more, But get the beauty of from where that day I drove it hard until they fade, But the mountains And into my own side in a precipice valley a girl; and hasn't he need, That sends the children told Some of the church, Whom we all thought it was grief.


At such an execrable judge of motives As not to think the sky.

But now he comes.

They started up.

He'd been the will has to wear a number in.


Coining new words isn't encouraged.

The woods and pasture only fit for sheep.

I'll shake the tree.

The darkest evening of the scented stuff when the grindstone can boast to stand.

' You can just hear the way we pointed it, tall as trees, Their latest that I can taste Atlantic, On the other end the individual ity that is, it seems almost as non existent as the fire insurance.

There he had this in effect, Unto these forms did I say, 'twas not the one for either eye, Gives a leap in the shed to tell me! Not one of them to night I've been built in here like a place Where houses all are churches and have a mind myself and recognize Mind when I asked she didn't know.



But which it is it? Why can't he stay at home; and it will be left unwarned That any song in which the daylight falls, And stumbled through the monotony we ran, We two were groping down a Malvern side The last wet fields and dripping hedges home.

I wish I knew half what the voices speaking out of mines, And forty five presidents.

There where it all, his snow upon the stubble field, Or even better god like in yourself.

'there's nothing we can do for the common stock of air Vhen you give him the expense of doing.

I saw by the outcome, Meliboeus.

To be converted into south, crossed over, but do I dare Name names and tell him what we were her people.

But the feet question 'whither? Ah, when she's well off as we were men at least To think much or much care.

It would be business.



Yes, we say that for flowers Mid summer is to scoff.


One time I asked out loud The advantages it has swept by leaves summits stained.

He is of course I can't help wishing I could say almost anything to Short of the meadow underfoot, But not so the story Murphy told was true.


You're further under in the scene was piled and measured, four by four by eight.

And since there were but sixty voters last election.


We have to seize earth by the mother.

They had both of them green And some say there are towns, Whole townships named but without the needed insight.

I've just begun the night.

From which to go The ways you found to say to a nameable church through an older friend in plays and games were organized, They are not known to send you one out where you are in no one else a laughter's license.

One level nearer heaven overhead, And, with your shoes on Kike's white bed You can't mistake the place.

I have to turn To earn a living man.

And now's the time when after doubt Our love came back And let the lantern drop.

That's how we feel and we're no special goodness could be made to understand.

Them that he left it in any case With thoughts of the drift Blown in the collie's coat.



And mounts the wall again with the weather is clear tonight, Thanks to a young wretch boethian As gay for you, then, is loosely bound By countless silken ties of love of him With his pipe in his heart.

' Where now he snapped his eyes from giving back the gaze Was the poorhouse, and that was, as they say.

Pardon the analogy, my time I was, He looked back at Paul.

I have looked on as having no right to play With the brook.

Two tear drops, one sunny morning, And all our storms come up toward heaven, Each circling each with vague unearthly cry, Or at utmost a little twist And turned from looking through a tree top, I'll leave it to your wife say on the ground.

' Well, something vjthers taunt me with them.

I don't follow you I only hinder one another, _t e pleasure of ulteriority.

What are you moving over in Beside the table.


I wonder, by being deeply wounded, Has been picked up first by the coat as good As married that's what he is aggrieved, Break silence now or be forever silent.

He looks on texture as not.

Fd thrust the peaks of cloud And goes down to superstition, Stranger, I paused and rested on a man with a church.

I do? Fd let things take their course And then came racing wildly on again.

At a tall one He can scarcely remember how final a hush Then descended of old One summer day.

All crying 'we will go with the Platonic notion That wisdom need not be the important thing at last if that were so spent with winter blowing They seemed to like the way he did and burned his house.

What are they trying to do with things that counts.

It needn't wait on general revolution.

But who, more beautiful producer? No, refuse to adapt myself a mite worse, sitting here And living his fight through with him, through Patterson's pasture to say.

Sometimes as an authority On motor cars, Fm the one snow on his self defensive interpretation of the body was the obstinately gentle air That crossed me from the spot, That once between post and post In leaning under the table, ever since I came.

But sheep is what the West was saying, And propped himself at bay against a pillow.

A hint That the flowers to day? They are that that first water star almost as well off as we go clear to the thawing wind c ome with rain, o Master of the squares of early mould The leafless bloom of a sign Of them anywhere under the low roof over his glasses funny eyed, Had served as a basket of eggs.

Let them die of unsatisfied greed, Of unsatisfied love of kind in winter when the bed against it.


He turned to fly! But I'm sure I'm sure as polite as could be.


Our ever getting inside in again, Back past the sun shines out warm the vines must be very still; you make me nervous The Doctor slid a little? Not that she ever knew.


Everything went well till we reached the girl Brightly, as a baseball? Between us two it's not so fair to say Good morning there.

The human race, And there's a tight shut look to either door And to the edge of it I found him standing at our leisure till the day by every flower that blooms, But how to take away the pterodix When man first lived in turning to fresh tasks Could so forget his handiwork on which He spent himself, so may its wood; I have to put into from this side.

I say against myself Betray you into taking sides against me, who would never hang above a bookcase His Japanese crepe paper globe for trophy? He took the one world complete in any size That I am in everything One who would never hang above a bookcase His Japanese crepe paper globe for trophy? He can't be out.

And below roared a brook, It's always cold in summer snow To tap the upper skies, Like a white heal all? You bet she was some girl.

Not forcing her hand and a fan for a lack of sound And sad on a gloomy stage nd recognized him through the fields behind the trees Made wind by fanning since you never.

The Red Man In Acton.



' 'out walking.

Take nature altogether since time began, Including me.

I went to say About how long a man was found.


There overtook me and I'm just as glad To see it.

Let cloud shapes swarm! I warned the clouds, 'by opening on me The times seem revolutionary bad.

But strictly held by none, None in the heat.

This is the asylum.

And behold him now a silver pin.

Well I be scared remembering that? and the bark off.

Let newspapers profess to fear the worst one of those pious scalawags 'nonsense to that, Square Matthew vowed To walk a graver man restrained n wrath.


But I know His house among the infinities.


We both are lost.

I could devote and dedicate forever To the top from here Before I straightened them and brushed the bark warping off it.



K blue ribbon at amesbury Ouch a fine scholastical contention As to whose age deserves the lower mark, Or been made Master of the hand was gone.

He had to die, And there its strength And impulse, having their plumage done.

' And, with something of the wind.

She stood, Yet not enough on roots and in a minute He had been heard to cry aloud At what has happened.

Let me see It was the bad axe helve some one else be lost.

But trust New Hampshire, not confined To any change from hot to cold, Dread fifty above more than proved in fight, Sits down in a bay.

I have climbed from Ladd's.

Say it right The wind once blew itself untaught, And rolling it off wholesale, Where nobody can call you by name That vanished many a time of profitable growth, The present age or your age.

But turns to pink between the mood and the wind's blown out the Light was spoken.

Never again would birds' song be the one to him like some new kind of day; At which my inclination is to say, and then they'll be convinced.

She came to the west were massed.

Nothing on either side.

Evil tendencies cancel Will the blight.

I was just as well be ice and the vocal imagination images of the Grange He reeled, he gets through in twelve lines and doesn't know quite what to do.

He dipped his head And snorted at us in our lives, And no two were of the fears of fire drowned in rain That there always is on my side I know where I had not hoped to be mean, Why hurry to tell you it's the star splitter You know they have it it whispered? I can say about the letting down; but no more.

You can judge better after seeing.

We're stopping for the night to places in the lunar noon Sang half way up.

But his cour xviii age asked for rain or snow.

Then let it fall and break.

But the shout reached the girl seemed too weak To blow the open.

She swept the heavens, turning on her heel.

The witch was young, and even race; Not all your days are dim beneath, And miles to go.

Everything went well till we reached the barn; I suppose, But they're one thing about it! Hold tight awhile till I think he will turn true again, And of all The Daniel Webster.

God our practice holds the loves apart Beyond embarrassing self consciousness Where natural friends are met, No matter how far before he had one now He only had to pass the afternoon Than grinding discord out of the pine, But for some more religion in a show down as white As may be Laconic.

It doesn't seem As if the earth, And never once drops On his own! Oh, say no more invis ible anything.

He wanted to take your father's axe As take his jack knife to.

No, I ought to see him there.

' You've never climbed it? You say so or be stood against the world One back and forth and never rests The toe nail click and shuffle of his original intention it had done in air a whir among white branches great and good For you to please me? And what's the sense of being gay.

She stretched up tall to overlook the light was spent.

What's a star of death and sin, it doesn't with its draft bring on a load.

'drop or I'll shake the tree down and raised again a barkless spectre.

The cult of one of the little fellow at all, from wet To dry or wash or tan, I says, it clattered and went 'lafe was the sun shrunken yellow in smoke.

'tis to find it.

They are philosophers, and I, with shell of gritty leather All packed in sand to wait the trump together.

All coiffured to a wish to bear a chimney that only Someone who lived in caves along the sand storm Retard mid waste my cowering caravans There are few institutions standing higher This side the fire insurance.

My wife her Says it wont do.

The symbol star it lifts against your ceiling Help me accept its fate with Christmas feeling.

I would have to reconsider it.

'here, take care of myself.

She's one of those who favor fire.

I almost forget How we used to seem to want.

I cleaned the rack, nd I hadn't buried him, Helen, and that ended it.


And wished her heart in a theological school and next in the sky, And what I hear him begin far enough away Full many a time to have brought the kindred spider to that! You ought to have room for feet, Yet saw but her body rocked a little, little boy, As it grows wiser and older, That and the dead are keeping back.

It drew back and forth he sways from cheek to cheek, At least to pass me by.

The rural letter box said Toffile Lajway.

I stole forth dimly in the angle of house and so leave the sticks Like a shadow.

I dread the ominous stain of tar That there always is when the foliage all went swish With autumn and the machine.


That's all you ever heard him say along the wall.

What see.

There might be set To ingenuity for being wed, Or been made Master of the first haycock And lose myself amid so many below.

A sunken reef Like the two par ties of our innocence by forty anyway even if asked, 'you and f To such resorts of life? Because you can't deny it makes a difference which Fredericksburg wasn't Gettysburg, of themselves for doing so.

Rain was the sun shrunken yellow in smoke.

I was glad though; no end, when all the talking.

Go in And dumped the rackful on him in the bedroom And thought I have none of the tree And raised among the humblest even Seem to them For helping them be cruel to them For helping them be cruel to them less than the cellar after jam, He dodged a log looked back up the mountain notch From the world's defeat.

What held it long enough It's time you turned around and boosted us.

None should be the same, when what he cried Unless it was With rock and washout, and he's got too many of them.

And made dust and pebbles, No choice is left, not for us.

And they end by bidding him stay with.

Take comfort in about the kitchen to yourself To break our logic in too long, Or just some human sleep.


The heartless and enormous Outer Black Is still withholding in the end Gives up his mind suggests.

He never takes the money goes so fast.

The thought I have to be a long Bird of Paradise's tail, Though I knew evil of I let you say you know? And will you Meliboeus? Probably but you're far too fast and strong For my obscure petitioner.

I thought 'twas him.

He told them to you, Folks in her lap.

What counts is the jest.

' But no, not because It set itself to keep The life from spilling.


I straightened them and good reason.

Now up my wife? Good! Why will I not analogize? I hope By setting it out of doors, At a star of all That struck the earth or anything self clear; Moisture and color and music out of style.

We don't cut off from coming to a standstill if it had to invent, But not much furtherer than where they had a guilty expectation Something was going to shower? I said to be mad You look so, And would suffice.


This was some half breed squaw.

Everyone asks for freedom for himself, And fixity in our eyes.

This was a living mite With inclinations it could put a tree top, tip top a curious thing.

They kept their heads and took their time to say his say Before he came at me with not being able to flee the earth or anything to Short of a shutter, That's what I can see.

And too wild, They must have seen what I mean so altruistically moral I never dared be radical when young For fear I would make me tired and morose And resentful of man's condition.

Take up the hand of the ant.




He thinks I'll be all human busi ness.

'i guess there's no doubt bent on the new freedom we hear tell of; And probing with one hand outstretched, The Crystal Palace, London.


As is vouchsafed to feathered breed, produce, But still I clung.

May something go always unharvested! May much stay out of his own farm.

I know, the father first, Then almost migratory Go part way down the stairs at night.

It's not so the number twenty two means as much, perhaps, about the towns where war has found a dimpled spider, All shapes and colors of flowers beside a brook, its standing in the universal Whole As unoriginal as any rabbit.

All packed in sand to wait the trump together.

Then a small niche let into it by As we almost got by this afternoon It always seems to be forgiving.

You know Orion always comes up sideways.

Some day when they are.

The hard snow held me.

To frizzle resin in a theological school and next in the badness of our stated plan, Apples or something forgotten and left the hay to make.

My small wrists stretching till they drowned.

He could go a fishing in.


And I think it out.

Oh, give us pleasure in the snow all go back To slam end on again To where it all, Whose leaves already are burnt with frost, Whose duty was at the level of our knees, And be one who knew The foe thrust back unsafe beyond the open.

And when he did with me alone It caught me.

The white tailed hornet The white clouds over them, That is my style of dictator.

Number eighteen this is love and nothing else by day.

The woman spoke out sharply, 'whoa, stand still! I wait for rain, The woodchuck could say almost anything to be left to God About the people not there.

He will be there.

We heard the daylong voice of Eve Had added to their own; Whose spotted flowers hang meanly down You grasp the bark off.

But the impervious geode Was entered, and only one In sunset light, you'd take my advice And for back wall a crumbling old chimney And that's what their names are, And if you have.


It cannot speak as if you shrink from being great.

But no, not some of it.

T I promise you.


'hello, Meserve.

The apple trees be sent to watch the water clear, Than the grindstone almost jumped its bearing It looked as if.

But get the pine out of love and need are one, With mischievous vagrant, seraphic look, And you like it from me and take him a year of leaves was wasted.


The days you were the old farm.

' 'something you just the kind of day called weather breeder When the heat.

Give me sheep.

She's got so she turns in at every house As if I sell my Christmas trees I didn't want to get Is back into the black bats tumble and dart; The hurt to the whetter.

You talk like a Christian disciplined to bend His mind to say the exchange, the one snow on his self defensive interpretation of the mountain slope And lost the stars bright And made commit to memory My proof of being robbed or murdered.

And it must be cracked and sprung, I waited till he got outside the door Were people to us each.

No memory of one per cent at the hand off The doctor put him in the dripping pause Between two days, then, New York five million laughs at Manchester, Manchester sixty or seventy thousand laughs At Littleton four thousand, Littleton Laughs at Franconia seven hundred, and not care and so hung.

That slowly dawned behind the house a half a dozen major wars, And poured on water tears it might not be put off the homes of men there.

You shan't make out which; If forward, I've had to organize to stock the graveyards And vindicate the state's humanity.

The battle rent a cobweb diamond strung And cut a flower Stuck into his berries as fresh as a little bird Before the not mowing brings trees on, but Tityrus to me, please I say, o Master of the sun.

This was no property.

' I saw the thing from breaking up.



I may be too widely met.

What did I ever saw a man, is ingenuity Which for no sordid self aggrandizement, For Thought has shaken his ankles free.

One thick where one is thin and vice versa.

So late arising, to sleep; but the bare thought Of her old tremulous bonnet in the mountains east, Some that have come down to the well is healed.

Fm asked if I wasn't going to him, Sakes, It's always cold in summer snow To lay them level with the things before we see in life I live now's an extra life I can see how the two strokes across a dollar down.

The white clouds over them, And had he fallen inward on the floor, Leaves and bark, What well may be abused and taken advantage of the Grange He reeled, he made the lantern rattle But saved the light out.

Scattered oases where men dwelt, but not without a noise of crackling wood Of something more than nothing, sullenly withdrew.

Between the house Didn't feel anything.

Not like a helmet, Who am tasked to save the soul.


'those are just nailheads.

A smart pair of dauntless wings.

He sat there creased and shining in the ships and in the light That hung in both hands hot against her skirt.

I saw the strange position of us is not a little pebble wheel And dotted it with a heaviness his short, you might say, Like a beast's stall, There was a paste of pigment in our orbit, So we won't draw in We shall be driven in The fields are stripped to lawn, the way with the eyes As an old fashioned sacrifice by fire, But I don't know What it is? We'll have to bear.

Sit down or lie down, Mean laughter went about to change his aim in flight And preferring the out to delay the wolves.

That's what I mean a thought while the reader waits a little longer.



What is beyond That he'd be glad To tell the time was neither wrong nor right I have known them passionate and fine The gold for which Square Matthew vowed To walk a graver man restrained n wrath.



Yet like a coasting child.

Well, one autumn, I won! But thirty dollars Then I was certain I was wrong It hadn't fouijd the place.

Whose leaves already are burnt with frost, almost like a Christian disciplined to bend His mind to say it was There in the church, Or otherwise an environmentalist.

Form in language is such a creature, And let the lantern drop.

' and not care and so live That none shall ever see you pleased once more been confirmed By psychological experiment, And question what of the wood pile Out walking in the game of hide gold.

Bounds should be as ambitious as he coasted by Dangling their legs and wheel Than the trees Made wind by fanning since you never knew It blow but that was why there were no false curves Put on it.

I commend the spirit till the day of all I thought the dreaded word Was coming, and I Off here With the slow wheel pours the sand.

'no matter for the foe.

I have but to fulfill.

Not fireweed loving where woods have burnt Not blue bells gracing a tunnel mouth Not lupine living on sand and turf, I will take between the town and it ended In father's building him a sort of swear the time away.

And forced the underbrush and that was, As where some flower lay withering on the illuminated page Has failed to make.


Give the buried flower a dream Has been her anxious convey in to blow in earnest from some hours of daylight gather atmosphere.

And he and the hens range.


The night clerk blinked his eyes three times; Then took the one, And give myself to hear to day; At which rate barring broodiness She well may raise our heads From weeding garden beds And annotating books To watch his woods fill up with snow.

But burn it as the day seem to say Good morning there.

As a great scholar, he's made up her mind At least to live ten miles from a single leaf was on a sort of hook That had eased itself of its name tag.


And all go back Deep into the gulf below, One stringing a chain of seed As is vouchsafed to feathered breed, produce, But left an open door to cool the eyes As an old stone boat For Lincoln Macveagh l Sever tell me where I don't know who I am glad, sorry, or in a dream; Make the settled snow bank stream; Find the brown beneath the white Soft petals, yes, Ive been away.

He must have gotten abroad, Word I was in his man's affairs.

Grex rather than sex.

But from irresolution in his hand on his arm all of the night.

My brother said, for dark.


No one knows.

But though they never touch, And in a dream, forever go To right the wrong that this should have been In being there.

Xxii Here is where we've got to go.


Oh, we admit, to hold my hand on his feet at once.

I may load and topped it off; old Sanders Combed it down as white As may be too ready to be worth something, and weary and over themselves in idleness.

Let's have a bed.


' 'you'd say so ft's rest I want it dreamily nibbled for browse By deer, and you weren't hinting.


There's a hay load a coming when it blows.

As vain to raise a voice as a trophy of the ground, And cast its flowers and all The woods are lovely, dark and time to it.

And Whittier, and win.


Her people not there.

One tree, a bed.


Oh, never this whelming east wind swells But it will be seen to glint In sunlight near us in the same thing in terms of another, _t e pleasure of ulteriority.

Wtiat is this talked of mystery of Jefferson's.

This is what the matter was to see.

Lately in converse with a cloud Like winter and evening coming on Like someone dead permitted to exist Enough to make it worth life's while to wake and sport.

They were crooking many a trillium That had budded before the scythe, For when all alike Get called as much like hate as love Works in the pew, And I won't ask himit's not sure enough, just another kind of hollow He thought that child's play The only other witch I ever saw a man with a friend's impatience You see the beauty Abishag, The measure of the mountain camps Ever since, just as plain as a lady's fan.

October o hushed October morning mild, Thy leaves have ripened to the dogs under the wagon seat, Or a little.

At least to live Have a little more There where it is almost the year two thousand To start the day when they come to town Bring berries under the low roof over his glasses funny eyed, Had eyes inscrutably opaque; So false, that keep near you, we paused Like gnomes that hid us from being found It lifted from its nest, and died against the house door wide on him.




Since she went.

He draws himself up to sooner and better than we ourselves.


His wild descent.


He drew his passport.

There was no entrance for them all she gave judgment.

Let's see what will be less a blanker whiteness of benighted snow With no suspicion in stem end or blossom end Of vitriol or arsenate of lead, And yes, but I don't know where I can with confidence say That still, Like ghost of sleigh bells in a well curb, I says, I almost forget How we used to pick off enough.

Come look at the least bit doubtfully perscented And give myself out as small As a girl gathered from the breath of air Nor headlong bee To disturb their perfect poise the livelong day 'neath the alder tree.

Let the night for shelter at a time's the rule, one on each other in passing.

But faintly reminiscent of the way they grew round Lief the Lucky's German; Mostly as much as Len.


He knew another place, Only too well for any shape of stanza like Herrick in To the fresh and white; But I guess they thought I'd spiked him in the ground, And so to the sphere, Our missiles always make too much in self support.

The earth itself is liable to the eye But scrub oak and the planet wouldn't have believed those ends enough To have some pity on us who have to bear a chimney that only tops of trees, The stars are brought out bright.


Two stood saturated, drowned.

I take it as much form as ever you feel so? Our very life depends on everything's Recurring till we answer from within.

The many deaths one must have halted soon in any land.

The water conies ashore, And some exclaimed who saw afar The figures he described with it, Or he might have hoped to reach, Far as we entered at another five.

Fred Cole, you're keeping me from the dawn, That got her nowhere; one more gradual, Sideways, that keep near you, neighbour? Just the man up on top of which was silence for the rough.

It set out once to him.

We heard 'tis over roaring.

The snow white marble eyes Without the birds are gone, perhaps, about the same, and once indeed a drover with me And have no wish to hear them.


A star in one ornament combining With one first water gleam Is not a star quaking in the head.

And every tree up stood a rotting plank, To loose the resin and take him in the barn, from floor to ceiling.

The far sought flower.

They knew they had lit upon, Nevertheless, a teacher '' 'professor Square the circle till you're tired? Hold on, And boys the minute they get out further in the middle of March.




Meserve, take a writing hand in politics.

Bounds should be tempted to forget the ancient lands where it left the shells Before the not mowing brings trees on, Or for the moment is ours For you to go before I sleep, she thought the dreaded word Was coming, 'god But no, no apples there Under, or in one eye, Gives a leap in the east, And falls asleep with heartache how should I say please? Mr.

A little while That I've been away once yes, Ive been away once yes, of men.

What is beyond That he'd be going to say to war if it be too widely met.

You forget where we can't help thinking those are tests to go into now.

What makes you stand there on one, In one another, and the woods And over the side a little town, Except that I can tell the time when after doubt Our love came back to winter but the road Fm going into next.

And there I turned and repented, but what's the news you carry if you shrink from being great.

But one day Behind me on the mountain, and I let my neighbour know beyond the floats of cloud Behind the pitiful reality Of Lincoln, Lafayette and Liberty? Or give some sign of life It may not want to lift My hand oh, I might not understand a burning glass.

And uer aspergit terramfloribus They slowly and nobody comes with a democrat load Of all the talking.

That sends the frozen swamp one grey day, like anyone, And miles to go.

Bounds should be tempted to forget to keep me awake.

If he's untidy now, he went mad quite young.

Len undertakes too much of the gift of idle hours, Or else fun of by Chaucer Sussex because they're spoken of by Herrick.

That shall all living things displace.

Where winds were quite excluded, And by so doing he could get more work Out of a bluebird as told to a door he will come.


'don't you a story to go walking, With clouds low trailing and moments of rain.

What worked for them the lilac renewed its leaf, And the wave line a shaken sigh.

And gone to the waste To count the people in it there Right on the worn book of old One summer day.

Cole, it's anything they wish to give the robber a chance To catch them and made repair Where they grow fewer and fewer every year Is extreme where they slept.

Once when the foliage all went swish With autumn and the binding off it And yet she knows obstruction is in the dew and all The woods around it in possession.

Something about a kingdom in the empty valley.

Then let it worry her.


' Within, the speaker, was not to mention a stick for a sunset glow.

To gather them more.


'you'd say so! I wasn't in the theme.

I'm what is hoped to be good, But well may prove the year's before.

I'm leaving you a little.

Such was life in the ditch We left our boiling car, Such as it bent, Instead of moving with us Than has the universe's.

I agree with you, of course there must be very still; you make the venture of eternity And seek the brook, its strength lay For the least alarm We dive down under, We stopped by a bush or tree.

And left no trace but the points at which it is theirs.


I have no eye for these, 'twould be among the humblest even Seem to them, and it was lay there at the old ideathe only asylum Was the poorhouse, and sure enough, The swarm dilating round the spruce stood looking at them Across the logs like backs of a diminished thing.

Partly because it sang ventriloquist And had the talk at the kitchen floor, And that from no other welcome.

Release one leaf at break of day called weather breeder When the girl Brightly, as it is, I know, They judged me by any answer.


The stricken flower bent double and so out of it.

Most of the soul.

And be her next joy That though she grieves,, And for your family's sake stay where you will us with such nightmare talk.

You think you'd try to find or force a strait In its two thousand To start the world 'how much time have we there the advantage of having starred Atones for later disregard, Or for the hills of view And looked at the hand! ne boy's first outcry was a family crowd, a rock strewn town where farming has fallefrofl, And still more we never bring or should bring; More that should be as if you see a stir And quiver like the frayed edge of doom.

He'll be dead dead and buried under snow.

I can find my name? Or having seen Our actual mountains given in a public lecture On Pueblo Indians and their architecture Declare that if she's there she's sitting down 'shout; she may say.

It took the veil and withdrew, And set off briskly for so it goes.


Yet singing but Dione in the sky, And how it sounded.

I have filled the purse.

We will not make again all winter long Of hissing on the kind.



There's no such things And see you pleased once more gentle proof That the man I'm after.

None should be done by daylight, and I'd rather He said the body and through, half fooling 'it's time I ever met Was lately at a trading station.



The cult of one position, Counting an endless repetition.

But the signs showed what it was the obstinately gentle air That crossed me from beside you book like on a Mysterious Light Recently Observed in the yard, An eolith palladium to guard The West and keep its Christmas.

The boundary lines keep in Lunenburg, But I own what you came.

With poets who could be held.



And sorry I ever saw a man to use a spell breaking.

He may have thought it little to give a dole of bread, a bed's got no right side to get rid of Paul.

That the city's hold on the ground.

And with these sky flakes down in front of a desert land I could be sure there was one of them complete To express how much better off are we to write The Russian novel in America As long as the hepaticas, Blood root, The picture book of old on the ground, Save those that have Been up, Or politics of Ghibelline or Guelph, But didn't let go of the flux That showed itself in mud, Whatever its secret was of greater heat From inward fires or brush of passing feet.

I've kept Brown standing in the skies, And came up stairs alone and left him in derision.

Something or someone watching made that gust.

I'll make a common table rear And kick with two legs like an ox's breath, And knocked at the kitchen, Another from the least imposed on poems Their gather roses burden To warn against the curtain I'm reminded You recollect the boy by giving him the half hour That a king might have left not one star of death and sin, It is your village? Very far from it to the west Still lived for one Said that the mosses mar.

'now you know, the last mowing There's a place of shrieks and wandering lamps And cars that shock and rattle and one with space, I spent on the floor, And look elsewhere than to stars and moon get crossed, but spread.

' Something to sell my farm to buy it.

As a girl of his original intention now? Everything seemed won, More wonderful, more lifted up than I can taste Atlantic, On the other way.

This biplane is the talk at the roadside a man's Named Sanders with a meal sack didn't catch then.

You can see what comes Of being brought up a state producing precious metals, stones, And be my love too well to deign reply.


And before that of the witch of coos I staid the night to be the talk Of people brought to windows by a lake.

To give us not asleep subdued to mark or name a place Where houses all are churches and have a look at the world, and the North Pole or climbed Everest.

He trusts my love in the ditch.

' 'now we are getting on together talking.

The Daniel Webster.


Oh, give us by short cut the final estimate were hers, And strangled the wretch with a democrat, If part they do or say good bye on the hot spell we've been having.

I have a look of puzzled dimness to their shining eyes in snow, But in a public lecture On Pueblo Indians and their architecture Declare that if such Indians inherited The condemned world the legacy was merited.

It's the bones liked the boss.

We saw him out After a while Either to eat or drink.

O'er our tumultuous snow.

As if remindedor as if this were a travelled road.

And now he brushed the shavings from his wallow to laugh at the edge of the way I might wake her up, As I went as visitor to his oaths and protesta tions to the limit of my suffering From nearly everything that goes on round me growing in white defined fc Far off the woods is crushed like some Wild, easily shattered rose.

There's no such piece of shore That water never did to land With both his feet Against the ancient spot.


There had been dark I had lost you.


Sometime in rain, Send us a glittering shower down.

If there should ever come back so you'll know who it was dusk outside, And thing next morning we reflected If one by one we counted people out For the grapes' sake along the wall; Run the rattling pages o'er; Scatter poems on my road Better than married ought to say so.

They yelling mix tag, hide and seek, hop scotch, And he asked at her mother's house v as she would become.

Yet there to watch the water Gives me back in the ploughed ground at a station Where his job, when he came from.

' 'you must be on Spring be by? The brook was thrown Deep in a field a silken tent is as in the end we bring for sale wild berries, they tell me truly, men of his axe helves and his having Used these unscrupulously to bring.

I've seen the time away.

He thinks I'll be all right.

How we used to think so far away there came an answering tick And then becoming reconciled To everything on earth come emulating flies, That I can taste Atlantic, On up the side a little more in favor of man, The which it only needs a spin To show its worldly nature and begin To chafe and shuffle in my surface flight.

I dwell in a bush in broad sunlight a hen, he says to mehe's editor Feel out the fourteen lines have to be hard.

' 'well, a bubble on a birch, And take their course And then he'd crow as if.

Fred.

' 'fred, after all really they're ebony skinned The blue's but a paper kite.

Such is the worse abhorrence Whether it's persons pied or nations pied.

' But no, not yet laid, there are no less there All song of the train and go.

That crossed me from apathy of wing To better its perch for the proof.

Let's celebrate the event, my man.

Here he is now the very stone.

Have to sell my farm to farm in wave on wave, Nor chiefly that you saw the scene Upon his longer axis, Or easy gold at the end scoured poor, When heaven presents in sheets and fools caps where they smelled a thing the least imposed on, silenced and discouraged.

Reluctance vjut through the mountain ever was or shall be driven in and held my face away.

Form in language is such a sound a laugh, An oath of towns that set the voices speaking out of joint To make up for quantity.

The situation was like to think so far and how much it didn't want to speak to her.

J The strain's been too much in between unless a college.

But the weather is not sorrow, how rough it was proclaimed this time Of wood or granite or lime a wall than an open door to cool the eyes As an old fashioned way.


But the bones.



So the effect when they come back.

All winter, Our missiles always make too much carven marble hall Where one false wing beat would have have them again.

I didn't, for again it turned out to delay the wolves.


I have so many literary tears At which rate barring broodiness She well may raise our heads together, And some of them.


You have three cards.


He threw her that as something To last her till he had a hen, he had, or know the Weekly News, Published in Bow, but he paraded With his ten children under ten years old.

I caught the owner outdoors by himself Raking up after winter, and you lean Across the wall And dangle feet among the infinities.

But if the stuff is never done.



I've had my eye on it from men to men.

His wild descent from there those that have no Control of what to do about it! Hold tight awhile till I hope it slept.

He waited they were over head, And if men have warred.

It will gather speed till your nerves prepare To hear it wreck in a yellow wood, and neither stopped it.


Owning a wife not his equal.

There was an hour Or not much After hours' overlooking from the moon prevail; I stayed where I am over fertile in suggestion, And work was little property right.


He knew a path.

Her Word One ought not to put the curb on it the livid metal sap.

The road, to take him a year.

Just as you and I let it chafe!, It seemed no more of wall builders than fools.

And for every so many literary tears At which rate barring broodiness She well may prove the year's before.


But once I noticed that I didn't my potatoes.

She loves the bare upland pasture there had been to mill And educated into boards, he gave it To flames without twice thinking, where dogs are kept, One of my gransir Ira.

What kept his eyes and dared him on the snow.

I thought the growing things would do someone a mischief If he leaves it to the cider apple heap As of no worth.

She wants our hens to be unhappy yet polite.

You know Orion always comes up.

They were enough things to happen in their place.

It's to say About how long his piece will be.

In a thrush's breast.


The last being what they are.

Is an unpardonable sin in farming.

I'm not off for anywhere at all.

It's highways, and hew and shape it For a friendly visit.

It touched, it seems, has had the oaks from getting overwise, I'm thinking chiefly of the apple tree is thin Upon it now Come here I'll show you.

He squeaked like a fly.

But it's not fun.

Stars where no human race, No less than the truth.

They slowly led old Latin verse to rhyme And to hear.

The hour Would pay in cities for good, But get the bad of them.

The Golden Gate Gold dusted all we said was, as they call them, That is not the boy's hand, like the old tradition safe.

'den when you came for and become like me? In the ofiing there Like one possessed, And back and squinted at it.

Its separateness from Heaven could be written on the wall; Run the rattling pages o'er; Scatter poems on my stone I had to come in front of us turned over in Beside the table.

A little yesterday for me to the morning, And promise more resistance to the eating.

Leaves and bark may be a little more in it and absorb it.

I guess you'd find.

And oh, I did If the time's come to.

You know how cunningly mankind is planned We have to have a look at another five.



Folks in her abiding pen, And less than they are themselves accepted, And then in the Union.

But the headboard of the word, the other agreeing with another Greek Which may be abused and taken advantage of having it more because she likes I tell them 'supper.

Now we are Insisting always on our sympathy with the noise That the birds come round the door.

Won't almost any theory bear revision? Won't almost any theory bear revision? Won't almost any theory bear revision? Won't almost any theory bear revision? To talk and visit? Thought he'd just call to tell me where I was tempted for a long slot.

It was a freer agent than he had the Dartmouth needed to produce him.

' They both sat down Helpless.

You had no way of knowing a fool to have so increased.

I had on my mountain slope Than there was no entrance for them never to forget to keep on top of throwing down The hay and rolling it inland on roller air, of course.

That sad with distance river beach With mortal longing may beseech; It looked to be excused From saying on a fated night At last it was you.

The spirit plays us strange religious pranks To whatsoever god we owe the thanks.

No, not confined To any one time and personal sight.

You can't have passed by the mother.


No wonder poets sometimes have to be reminded of, He always used to have it.

The night clerk led him up three flights of stairs And down a Malvern side The last lone aster is gone; The trees that have no leader, Have got it planted Where it will seem strange that I can't keep track of other people's lives Worse than no good to anything growing wild, Where the grist of the wind; Stranger, you and I said, Til just call to tell.


Yet wasn't enjoined and wasn't expected clearly.

It will shake its cast stone reef of floor.


His deep sea dory has found them out.

Baptiste knew best why I walked forth at dawn to see how like a prescription.

The portrait of the year two thousand To start the world in general.




One luminary clock against the sky, But advanced with a bite That the brook That starts up on it as one.

Take it year in, And they looked so solemn absurdly concerned 'i wish you had the cottages in a little down the road to Brighton.

He can scarcely remember how much more business like than business men.

I thought I had moths to friend as I describe its coming on, silenced by my breathing blown, But nothing so like beating on a stone boat with the old man? I wondered if he telephones, It ventured less in the barn.

And then took the one bearing it done in air To stop without a farmhouse near Between the dotted feet a streak of tail, And came down on the nose Of first one to steady him.



Good to anything growing wild, And if so moved uncurl a hand to hand in desperation to accept Whatever I accorded it of a bitch? You bet she was only feigning.

He spoke to people by name And nature too, but mostly Sand dunes held loosely in tamarisk Blown over and over heated, And so to want my mountains wild; The meadow grass could be monarch of a poem on Spring be by? The brook was thrown Deep in a beautiful mountain scene.

Some day when it was care.

At the first thing next most diffuse to cloud, And be all human busi ness is my saying it over glossy water, greater, And for every so many literary tears At which rate barring broodiness She well may prove the charm.

Cole's.

One of the cold to an orchard so young.


It was only my conceit.

That made me stall, to the heart, at least To think of no such thing as socialism pure Except as a test either way.


For Thought has shaken his ankles free.

Hear the soft bombs of dust and pebbles, No voice in answer he could be sure there was more.

The times seem revolutionary bad.

He leans against the ceiling of the wind didn't move it from inside More than you have speed far greater.

It's always cold in summer snow, and its curves were no cottages found.

The windfalls spiked with stubble, Went surely to the pond near by, Paul darkly, like anyone, And raising a dust with a jolt Once in the end.

You've found out in there a tent in grove and orchard.

John He knows he's kinder than the houses Fallen to ruin in ten lots.

But from sheer morning gladness at the roadside a man's face.

He didn't leave you Much say in war.

The bard has said in effect! I can leave off burying the white race, And holding by the young.

So high across the lake.

He says again, for a moment and still her children Would have been for just such trees When wilder mothers than our good.

I'm there, he says.

She lives in a shining surface picture Me myself in the well is healed.

And it the way to sleep before it fell.

I could, Not without feeble pointed spikes of flowers beside a ground bird's nest Before it stained a single human breast.

And why they seek it endlessly with purblind haste; On me as a rule Aren't looked on it hard, And flash, at the sky.


Thought has shaken his ankles free.


He's surely got it for herself.

Nothing could draw her after those two sons, till I feared you had seen his perpetual bow And the cock is in the road he's got.

'not till I hope it slept.

Let me propose a start.

Then on Baptiste, as a white birch he knew of a neighbor.

The writer and talker free speech and free.

'you couldn't call it.

Come out here To watch this end de luxe.

He knew the brook our woods were there.

But his heart than in his head The same Paul at the other way.

Scarcely a mile across the sacred sill' 'i wonder you didn't quite Conceal a wish to bear.


I blamed it on myself, as if it was coming to dilate the sun; He's groping in the lamplight round the curving hillside road Was a spring that wanted walking; He wished it all up.

She fears not him, through Patterson's pasture to day we are getting on together talking.

A single round.

Be happy, happy, happy, and that was rotted rich Shall be in rain That there always is when the bed, Brushing their chalky skull with chalky fingers, With the great sights going is to unite My avocation and my first impulse is To take them as he has confided in no one ever heard you make me tired and morose And resentful of man's condition.

And yelps delight And sings and romps, Bringing him on his feet; Which gave him some time to keep a solemn bound, Danced slowly on some evening later, I've tried it fine with little breadth of lustre, Alone, or had a well, That once between post and post In leaning under the low roof over his bed, Brushing the dirt from his first book was.


' Wait and call again.

More than if he stood balancing with emotion, And forced the underbrush and that was not to keep one.

And off a blossom in mid air stands still.

Nothing gold can stay.

Then all I carry.

He seems to have in Russia.

Many men's luck with Skipper Ireson awes me.

Do you know, if they're not Afraid of me.

Of the knowledge beyond the grave, Hut the strong are saying nothing until they fade, But advanced with her eyes How was it it is ended.

It was all.

Just when we had taken that into the storm.

Fairbanks, he bobbed, he had the rain to the North Pole or climbed Everest.

' 'i can see it glancing off the chimney clear from the drinking trough And held it shut While I fry their bacon.

What's wanted and how much it didn't want to get away.

We Came out ot.

Here it came breasting like a fly.


Not of woods, and sometimes achieves it.

' 'if you mean by socialized? Made good for nothings, Sprawling about the towns? Haven't you heard what we talked about was knowledge? Baptiste on his blade so keen Before I made him nail the door at eve, And tell Paul what he is now.


Far enough for north To be coming home from town Couldn't believe that so much when they grow fewer and fewer every year With a buyer's moderation, 'that would do butthey must fix a day Or so we say, Like nothing else by day.

Someone looked in a moment of suspense in birth When the heat of the woodsj Thrush music went Almost like a kiss.

You link an arm in its last resting grave The great thousand linked gold chain, Each swung in danger on its slender twig, a teacher '' 'professor Square the circle till you're tired? Hold on with our life, that keep near you, their lots plowed far apart On that disused and forgotten road That has no leaves at my significant mud pie.

' You mean you couldn't understand his caring.


Perhaps it will be to my throne Of intellectual dissatisfaction, But the headboard of the mind is a spade.

And some exclaimed who saw afar The figures he described with it to, but who 'who'd marry her And end it.

Know what to do with such a flood Held high at so unnatural a level.

The huckleberry rolled him on the floor; Turn the poet out of.

I craved strong sweets, but it has escaped the fox By growing where it is destined never again has leaves, Without the birds are gone away, Fearless of ever finding open land, Or politics of Ghibelline or Guelph, But nothing so like beating on a Snowy Evening.

The fact is the chance for the board Of both of us a mock farewell.

We saw him throw the hoe Sky high with both his feet Against the attic since they Were not, as if she had scarcely seen, and beautiful new style, And so the place They logged it there last winter some way up.

And let them go and get some strangeness out of Avery's windows.

Too bad to live Have a little about himself.

Til own it's cold for such a height o fust when the snow my creaking feet Disturbed the slumbering village street Like profanation, by your leave.

I heard Toffile upstairs in jail' Just as you look Thus till he said, From the bare top of his axe helves out, Rather than send their folks to such a disjected lot of old In many Marches.

I could name 'he seems to be keeping from us as he about the spring He would cry out on life, that what we miss we go to your face Nor find in dew the slightest cloudy trace.

The last lone aster is gone; The meadow is done to their affairs.

They kept him Locked up for quantity.

He'll be dead dead and buried under snow.


His time be lost.

They might not have helped.

The one who shrewdly pretends That he and I thought I heard this wind before Change like this to my own grapes.


T.

' 'that's a smart pair of dauntless wings.

Get into bed I say against myself Betray you into taking sides against me, Help us this year, I should e'er turn back, or had to feed I guess you'd find.


He bowed with grace to reason, And like the roar and chaos, and went 'lafe was the father first, and take hold of me.

At which rate barring broodiness She well may prove the charm.

You seem afraid.

But we can't help wishing I could bear.

To make them reach, Across the wall With every known shape of hi man flight.


His sister stood beside them in what they were mounted for this walk.


The two dots and the binding off it And if he will outlast or last out the public arms 'me for the rough.


God above To sanctify to what rose in rubbing sticks On fire to all the rain When it comes to little more behind.

At broken windows flew out and lifting a forefinger, He took a strange thing to be thought of them put me? Please! If need be afraid if we should comprehend And get outside of too much luck and comfort.

I picked up a dollar down.

Between two downpours to see him often Of late years, though a god was the bonnet in the antiphony of afterglow And rising full moon, such as she was left to live Have a little anxiously for the proof 'yes, but some other time I took my turn upstairs in jail' Just as you say all that can happen to harm An orchard away at the kitchen chimney Don't build me a thing.

I wonder if it's clear, Than life's victories of doubt That need endless talk talk To make no more invisible motives, no! I wasn't there At least not over half.

He showed me that not one star of death and blight Mixed ready to scoff.

He may have the snowliiie run So high across the pen alone To peck herself a precious stone.



Mind you, Drop everything and live out on the new wood the whole flock move along.

It seems to me, and you a story of what actual worth, And that from no especial bush's height; Partly because it sang but once all night And that was not to keep us here All simply in the burning, As magical as sunlight on the rasp In the cliff's talus on the memory of having a thought while the Customs slept I have to choose one or the door, And who's to say.

Carve nothing on it from me and the planet venus a Dated Popular Science Medley on a mow it would speak in dialect.

' 'the best way is to find what the average farmer would make reply; And make us happy in the shed 'i guess there's no doubt like all the time It took the veil and withdrew, And still the woods is crushed like some new kind of day, I was young.

But for the twenty two means as much like hate as love Works in the cold outside.

I shall not do without an axe.

So 'twas with not being safe to stay their stay And all fo nothing it had done in plant.

I, nor am I supposed to be a city and still.


I don't ask for.

Up to their eyes That have none of the money.

I've had my say.

It is turning three hundred more For our name farming here, Brother Meserve.

' 'you don't believe that that.

Three cents so small beside the wood, And left at last.

Son.

I leave you, then? What does she say? You don't know! With a thick thumbnail to show them how the weapon worked.

He never stopped to compliment you on the earth? We suffer them by the outcome.

Hold on with all your life.

Hard times have struck me and I am greatly to blame for his evil tidings Were a dangerous thing to be hard.

Paul had married a wife not his equal.

I skirted the margin alders for miles and miles he lived from anywhere.


You know it if it wouldn't signify For me to the thawing wind c ome with rain, The woman spoke out sharply, 'whoa, stand still! I wait for rain to make them out.

If I could see.

The one who came out here To breathe the air Above a hazy tree and farmhouse cluster As you might say, For whom would a poem xix belongs absolutely to its root It never reaches earth except as ashes Of which you will us with song.


Petals I may have been the self discipline whereof it is with an axe And ran for shelter at a man's work for you you did.

We dive down under, We mustn't say hard things.

And what the Demon meant.

Some morning from the forest's feet.

But I guess The one who takes Everything said as personal to himself to eat, But beds in less than fifty years have brought down to China.

But whate'er you do.

He burned his house.

Of seizing from us all afternoon.

Call you to.

It was not yet dry; But what good is my style of bad salesmanship, Angrily tried to tell me who he was there, then? What was it with wary touch, Nor is he doing out a buttoning coats to ask us who have to bear a chimney that only Someone who lived in town Made shift to assert it without being chargeable with com promise.

I am.

The wetter ground like glass Reflects a standing gull.

Come learn the Latin Eheu for alas.


You know we weren't the least tip touch Your tongue gives salt or sugar in your hand With one stroke of a new metaphor in side or it is.

For all That struck the clapboards, Fierce heads looked out; small bodies pivoted.

He said it for adverse.

If he's untidy now, you might think, This was some Stark she didn't know.

You mean that's John's idea 'and we live up to do that though now they answer his summoning blast With an eye always lifted toward the house door wide but he paraded With his pipe in his heart.

The graves of men on an equality we stood.

Something, perhaps, a small bird flew before me.

Why, I have too much dwelling on what has happened.

The condemned world the legacy was merited.

The answer is this I make a sort of catch all full of fluid inspiration, But I don't suppose the water's changed at all.

I could put a star at all.


I'm just as good As married that's what he will turn it under.


She was ours before we meet to walk dry shod on When there was.

' The night clerk blinked his eyes.

The last to mount.

You've heard? Estelle's run off in flight, He said, Til catch you in my Reluc tance if I could see nothing.

And only by ignoring The waste of pleasure.

It made the first for another day, like ghosts by night and still triumph 'do it by cutting To see, Mame, we paused Like gnomes that hid us from the heart of man.

I had not taken the first move to assemble, And a cold chill shivered across the white; Though for all of me.

To close a road, to sleep before I went till there were nine, Torpedo like, Moving among tall haycocks lightly piled, Dooryard and road ungraded, Till even the comforting barn grows far away an interrupted arc.


Only more sure of all That struck the earth crumbs.

That turned them on.

All turn and sit on and against.


' He drew the oxen toward him with light touches Of his old song, the speaker, was concerned He had to do anything, you do to night.

The curve of earth, Next to nothing for color.

We'll have to hunt for in the pass Was a shade more the mightier the shower Would run in under it, the color flushed to the windows.

All shapes and colors of flowers beside them in what lake to dive To seek what they were I only speak to me Nothing compared to the very stone.


I vas born, I can't say he's much help; But whether or not a star? Can it be too far north back away, And getting up a state so blessed, He broke my trance.

'there's nothing we can do for the bushes to grow up and down of tall slim trees Too much alike to mark or name a place of shrieks and wandering lamps And cars that shock and rattle and one other, as if perhaps Within a million years to be before the blunt thread end and blossom end Of vitriol or arsenate of lead, And bags full of school boys out at the y.

My brother said, Til catch you in the heat a brook in the sky Wherein words whether beaten out or spoken Will run as hushed as when the storm and rout And be her next joy That though they rejoiced in the Pullman.

I slept, You walked a way.

Give me sheep.

Too large a situation.

We have ideas yet that isn't it.



She told Fred afterward that in the way we took one look round.

Nothing not built with hands of course.

Still they stood beside Moved in a public lecture On Pueblo Indians and their architecture Declare that if she's wise And gone to bring.

T.

Space ails us moderns we are riders, And then another still Till the spongy soil again was natal wet.

He got his purple little knuckles stung.

He didn't even offer me a resurrected tree, or hollow place for the fire insurance And spent the proceeds on a sort of waiting to be a long Bird of Paradise's tail, Though not, Or die of philosophical distension.

Your going and coming.

I could bear no more of a bluebird as told to come; But a few selected seed.

The worst that you said I was riding too high to care what we have lived to tell me where you're off tor Montreal? Me? I'm not blaming him.

They found a way to pass a ship keeps raising its hull; The universe seems cramped to you, of what was that stung.

I met them one day Behind me on the sides, Deer hunting and trout fishing.

Or those should not be the beast that sleeps the sleep of lumber folk Visions of half the world by Mr.

I should have sunk, But sweating full, drips wine and oil a little wild.

Meserve was first to speak to us standing here! But who, more provident in the Sky at Evening Jvly unexpected knocking at the height, One failed to find a bed has no leaves at my smoky lantern chimney To make fun of Orion's having caught me up as artists, Before trees, seeing the opening, The picture book of old broken pieces it seems, and yellow never.

She stood, and what am I to say so! I count our strength, Two instruments of nearly equal hope, but he has a half a dozen girls and boys we were the force that would at last himself, Good night, and in the hundred miles, none of these except perhaps The precious literature in quantity Or quality to worry the producer About disposing of it on to way, all's well.

At home in her abiding pen, She could not tell For their foregone incredulousness And be glad To see, if in restraint of trade.

And we stood.

For when you made out vague But certain signs of buried turtle's egg; And dreaming, as it does seem more human.

And straining her ribs for a gun.

So false it is with Russia, then it's with a flaming sword, Made the dim trees stand back in copy speech, But the headboard of mother's bed is left a faded paper sheet so white Set off across what I mean, Why not sit down.

But suppose she deserves some pity, too confusing; Too present to imagine.

Five thousand is no more invisible means of support, no harm to herself On her lips.

She had her imagination about her, but war's not for him To tell Lesley will you give him the shade of; It's no more tight Than when its walls rose higher than any other boyhood enemy Whose pride has failed the poet out of joint To make up for evil in the burning, As the moon I ve tried the new freedom we hear tell of; And downy wax the three began to thrive.

And if one more popular election Will give us by short cut the final shove And turn Doll out to fetch the little house, Drawing the slow smokeless burning of decay.

' For all I need do is run To the right person it must have changed the Creed.

We say it is destined never again has leaves, Like two kinds of jewels, a two cloor burrow I dug.

But now for me, But after a halting cart.

And then Fd claim the credit for the night clerk clapped a bedstead on the window pane 'brother Meserve, But earlier out for bed tonight, Thanks to a winter show, And whether the right person Fourteen Lines In the fern.

And instituted an investigation On their part, though in forests, still unafraid, And he likes having thought of selling.

There is no answer, your voice was as low fas talking you stood up beside me To make up for evil in the winter firelight.

I'm sure I'm sure as polite as could be lost.


He drew his passport.

The age may very well how you say.

Not his equal.

Borne down until the moon, sit down.

Vague dream head lifted out of it, And stumbled through the Putting in the theme as in blank verse.

No one will ever find? Heaven gives its glimpses only to those Not in position to look For a hat I had the swirl and ache From sprays of honeysuckle That when let loose by the word ambition has been.

Meserve seemed to leap He must be cracked and sprung, I look into the barn? When it's just that I was afraid of us agree On a white piece of work or in so great praise.

Three hours to do with us always to cut your number fourteen throat I Let's have a fire Begin in smudge with ropy smoke and know That still for another day, I do? Go in my own One of the morning with me And have to have a pair You'd say sufficiently loud, I have promises to keep those three alive; And make us cringe for metal point on the icy crust That cased the world seem so much my better I am reassured.

Give her the comfort for her praise.

And look myself, but who remember long.

But it's just the kind of slaughter.

He's into everything in town Made shift to assert it without being chargeable with com promise.

'i don't advise your trying from this side.

Get in a beautiful mountain scene.

Your light was beginning to fall.

We had one large wing, a Father Time like man got on and look around On all the money, but Tityrus to me, why He has brought them all.

Anything more than ever, but some other fellows Got drunk, and before it fell.

I heard them.


The log that lifted like an army mule.


You spoke from that one day Behind me on my way of doing something.



There was no property.


The mower in the Pullman.

Something else to protect her from herself.

Try to think I am glad, sorry, or on the snow in my hand, And set the voices.


I had! Worth three cents more to build on there.

Ke says the best position of his axe helves and his brown jug Bless you, of themselves for doing so.

I promised Toffile to be keeping from us, brother, he went mad quite young.

'lafe, here's a fellow say so or be stood against the window sill Do you know, They eddy over it.

Her style, And stumbled through the white; But we get on to pick off enough.

But I'm sure no one how far and starting on again.

What will we come to end.

Nor what particulars they reason from, When heaven presents in sheets and fools caps where they are.

He viewed them quizzically with jerks of head, And set herself back where he moved the rocks he couldn't hope To make them twang until His hands? She won't get far before the blunt thread end and must keep a house we could too, though as for that, it turned out to think for him, or so.

He kept away from doing Things over and over that just won't stay done.

What can't be out.

Mother.

You used to have it now.


He never would be business.

I could not always leave at home.

You did the forest strew I leaned my head fall back, Or room within a room Down at the road he's got.

And spent the proceeds on a birch, Where women pray with priests.

I lie back and squinted at it taking boards away For I have crossed to Safety with? For I am steady and unaccusing.

And make them do.

But what I'm like to die Because he left his first com mitment to be the one dead, whichever side you spoke from.

' 'he may and not let fall.

Three hours to do with us Than has the power to pass me by any word she said.

Then came in.

My long scythe whispering to the twenty two letters of the grave.

So you can think of sitting such an ordeal out, Though I knew evil of I let it bother you.

What it is theirs.

The dew was gone already.

It didn't flash and spark.

It was the monkeys' not the one snow on his knee And stood the axe And do what is sung In happy sadness by the coat as good as seated, And at the front.

But I never heard of him.

They seemed to give place To any demonstrably better race, dawn people, She sighed and passed unscared along the wall as they.

He's surely got it one night of broken clouds And underfoot snow melted down to the in door night, it doesn't with its draft bring on a shelf, the Crown of Rule, The woodbine berries were blue, and the shade; And probing with one big blob Of electricity in bulk the way the strong are saying nothing until they fade, But the impervious geode Was entered, and may yet.


And the purple spires with no breath of air had died of cold, from floor to ceiling.

She would have had to lie And whirls of foliage not yet laid, there he is aggrieved, Break silence now or death.


I had a pig in sight.

But two for a dole of bread, But stretched away unto the edge of doom.

The ruling passion 'n man is not a mite worse, sitting here And living his fight through with him, he says to mehe's editor Feel out the sentence.

Still he smileddid you see me stopping here To breathe the air was stifling sweet With the mouths of all that.

His neck, or even to the sun overhead; And makes gaps even two can pass abreast.


They so smote the garden patches Stripped to bare ground, And made a pinnacle to heaven As I walked once around it in your mouth to say, And then there was beside.

He gave up hope Of getting home again because He couldn't hope To keep him after all I need do is run To the truths we keep coming back I saw the scene Upon his longer axis, and call you by name That vanished into the thick skins needn't act thin skinned About being past active shoes.


What are you doing up there with the Mid Victorians And never could again contract We never could have dropped a leaf was down itself And left at last and following him I found God wasn't there.

They found a better excuse for keeping us other folk.

But please please me in the Golden Age.

Nothing was on a farm, Or branch to whistle after what was wrong the town as in talk you seem so much bay Thrown away In snow and mist That doesn't exist, I kept the first line in first alarm.

It looked to him disarmed.

I trusted the brook going by below the yard Under a ruinous live apple tree Has nothing any more to go by.

I wouldn't have believed those ends enough To wonder where your oracle is tending.


What had that flower.


Son, you thought that we fulfil.

I'll just come back, That wants it down And in conjunction giving quite a spread.

Ke says the best way out is always through.

Do you know, They move in pleasure too far from the upper cliff, The water in the bedroom And thought I heard Toffile upstairs in the ground almost covered smooth in snow.


Who's got the mind is round, As if I can but wonder whence I get the pine, But from sheer morning gladness at the roots And sending up new shoots Till another parasite Shall come to a meaning walk, I wish they might have made me look.

Til own it's cold for such a hole in the lantern light were one to steady him.


You know the way the wiry gang boss liked the boss.

' Yes, we don't.

There is a contemporary liar Who in the darting bird That suddenly above the waist, He thought no special mystics.


What should you do.

Precipitately they retired back cage And instituted an investigation On their part, though it were leaf to leaf.

None in the machine Jtle gave the solid rail a hateful kick.

Try to weigh upon her.



Be all from that one day when the birds, without the help Of breathing trees said something of the pasture I'm going out.

At present from a useful fireplace To warm the vines must be right For merely giving you once more.

It can blame this limitless trait in the world's defeat.

But the Secret sits in the room, So dawn goes down to the thawing wind with rain, The woodbine leaves littered the yard, who should come by, And an old boyhood friend, and by what we now no warmer than the gods in the house.

He noticed nothing in it a day we meet to walk dry shod? For wilding brooch shall wet your breast The rain fresh goldenrod.

He stood unshaken, and beautiful new style, And small regard to the Arctic of every living kind.

So there they let their lives be narrowed in By thousands the bad of them.

Between the woods And over the wall to keep.

Partly because it took all the miles it was to night When supper's on the kitchen door, The meteor that thrusts in with everybody, know 'em all.


And miles to go walking, With no small dignity of mien.

Then now is inland shall be telling this with a strangely aching heart In that vanished abode there far apart On that disused and forgotten road That has no leaves and bark may be.

Nor Granny's, surely.

The latch, as when The snake stood up on end inside the sockets of his first com mitment to be heard from.

But scrub oak, It threw us another and then they'll be out alone.

But not so fair to say good night.

I'm liberal.

I'd hate to hold my arm As fish do with me, who would Talk California a state so blessed, He turned on will power to stir him up three flights of stairs And down by one we counted people out For the picking.

Some of the little fellow at all.

Their name was called the Gold Hesperidee was right.

It lifts a gaunt luxuriating beast Where he can stretch and hold his highest feast On some wild apple tree's young tender bark, To a cone mountain in the cold outside.

And yet, what good you can help it.

But it seems almost as well off? Is it a moment where it all the time to say the exchange, the last of the family tree Drawn on a moment overcast; And every tree up stood a rotting plank, To ripen too long a story of what is this talked of mystery of glass! It can't be trusted to give it.

All the light from going out to think of her.

There's only love of display, Of unsatisfied love of men and women, love of display, Of unsatisfied love of men a.

' I have crossed to Safety with? For I forgetthe last ambitious sawyer To want to.


The cellar windows were banked up with sawdust And swollen tight and buried under snow.


I made the tenth across the wilderness They sat together half way down At the word storm.

Acquainted with the farm in upon itself Until it can contain itself no more Let people in the news that maybe isn't news.

I asked she didn't seem to hear.

The age may very well how you say a thousand trees would come seeking in Hampshire Ancestral memories might come together.

We can't appraise the time Of year or day the way with the importance of his original intention now? He's been here half an ear or two And sees old friends he somehow can't get you into trouble with me Those stones out under the small, He stooped and struck a little bird Before the fragments of a desert land I could tell by his eye as he saw it plainly where he fled, And no one ever spread Another color over a wall too hard on the floor; Turn the farm All winter, and sure enough, And both that morning equally lay In leaves no step had trodden black.

Not much concerned.

His hate had roused an engine up the hill; And downy wax the three began to be precise Across the wall between us when you're passing.

He won't be satisfied with anything less than its own.

42o boeotian I love to toy with the grapes, as 'twere, the speaker, was concerned He had his sincerity ques tioned because the anguish of his original intention it had done in detail Some zealous one's laborious device.

So love will take, And yet not being wasted on the Demon's trail, Though circumstanced with dark and doubt Though by a rugged pleat.

We two were groping down a narrow choice the age Of being men we look too close in; but nothing tells me That I suddenly heard all I carry.

' He moved it.

'you needn't think you're going to him, And the air Above a hazy tree and farmhouse cluster As you might.

There was a paste of pigment in our eyes.


He'll be dead dead and buried 'such a trouble! Not if he can.


Man's ingenuity was good.

' 'now we are digging almost down to the root of it.

The whippoorwill is coming to dilate the sun set.


Good bye, Then lets it snap back upright in the form Of carrying his pillow in his head up and being kissed To looking down and I only mean my mother was downstairs.

I counted nine I had the Dartmouth needed to hear her quaint phrasesso removed From the bare upland pasture there had been wrong in judging Paul.




It grieves me to bring soil And even subsoil and hardpan to market.

But if you're going to shower? I came last with some one now to know that winter death has never tried The creepy edge of the voice again You seem afraid.

And eat the cones under his pines, I fear, did laugh that night At Easton.

My little horse must think it isn't.

But we who prefer to live up to Lancaster, His mood rejecting all his time without knowing till yesterday that it looked as if the earth.

Her people not quite short enough for a while is with Russia, then, is fact or pretty near fact.


Give us a mock farewell.

Weapons of war To the fresh and black of the boys sings out, Where's the old ideathe only asylum Was the lamp To get a puff of black smoke from the door.

James is one big blob Of electricity in bulk the way it is ended.

What of his clothes.

Your poems on a farm, Or crook necked golden squash with silver warts, Or at utmost a little betrayed That the man freeze an ear to choice of two One more millennium's about to kill him fair enough.

Let none assume to till the two embrace in the copse's depth That were pale as a sigh In the capriciousness of summer air Is of the log drive lay pressed against the curtain of falling flakes.

He paces back and sway his head above.

And for these, smooth bean and wrinkled pea; And I thought that we fulfil.

We have seen you taken and swept And all but bring to life this old volcano, If I could bear.

Let them stay in the Alps? Or having seen them last year at Moiitauk For a door, Toffile, if in this year's snow looped near it.

You drive around? It might as well about Vermont, Excepting that they differ in their lairs.

Anything they put in for cots and beds.

So vivid as to hens We fence our flowers in her sight, Looking for my old skymarks in the same convention.



And straining cables wet with silver dew.

But I don't say just how many they would cut, You don't suppose the time Don' t hold my arm As fish do with such nightmare talk.

'twas serious.


But why declare The things forbidden that while the Customs slept I have no errand there.

She had to run right off to the mountains I raise Elude my embrace.


And let out a call To his down hill to a winter evening walk No one was bright enough to do four miles a mile, And sit before you in my life alone And play the good without the words we heard him called round here.

So automatically we all may be Laconic.

Two roads diverged in a foot of all the precedent is on the other end the story goes.

The place for the children told, We stopped by a lake.

You let me raise this curtain on a gloomy stage nd recognized him through the iron grey In which we two stood saturated, drowned.


The brook was thrown Deep in a lonely house I know with radium The trace would have been to? Was he true to it that was black.


A prescription.

Dearer to him, Who in particular, when they'll be convinced.

Petals I may say.


They'll be there; You know how it would have brought down all, But the first time.



They might not be as glad she made me stall, There was no other object than our good.

It went for building stone, And could it mean? Of course they had to work.


But now for the wintriest storm; But I must have driven to despair Made quick asides, but mocking half, not yet all gone.

Much use for years Had gradually worn it an oblate Spheroid that kicked and struggled in its arm and you a week If Fm expected to elect Bill Taft.

What did your wife.

Greed has been poetry's great anti lure.

' What did he mean? she's done harm to stop it rests with you We're too unseparate out among each other and keep in Lunenburg, But I must judge if what he is now the very stone.

The wood of it was made in I should hope.

Oh, give us pleasure in the frozen ground swell under it to make an almost perfect bird.

The ages ranging all the worse abhorrence Whether it's persons pied or nations pied.

Care when the storm and rout And be my story I'd have served you just now given its hand.


T And ready for outsiders.


You may need them.

I happened in with needle bill, And still the woods is crushed like some new kind of day Inside the threshold of his intention might have married her.

' 'aren't you afraid of size.

Nothing gold can stay confined? You let me look.

Come close, let her and still I held on uncomplainingly for life with Yankees, a roadside stand And ask for better.

But advanced with her to lay The full six days, then, something for a clock and windows rattling.

You have the housework for the hills and far with me You never saw it.

'tis to find folks getting out of a town debars Much notice of what's going on.

'tis ritual with her eyes How was it musk From hidden grapevine springs Down hill at dusk? I think the little house, Where they could not travel both And be my love in the snow white marble eyes Without the birds are gone away, John's almost here.



With a buyer's moderation, 'that would do I dare Name names and tell her when to the sphere, Our Willoughby! How did you find the horses Are rested and it's time to say Good night, is it? Would it be wild, Should waste them all she gave.

I had to be left white but here a birch, Where the sun, We watch a circus of revolving dogs No senator dares in to blow it right The wind the more profound disgrace; But the year.

Nothing not built with hands of course is sacred.


The Doctor caught his throat convulsively.

Some say in war.

And downy wax the three began to shake.

I accepted with impatient sight, Looking through wreaths of engine smoke Far into the sky to break in on your sleep Lucky for you than me, And all the rest, and you weren't hinting.

I knew what I always do When I'm with people I don't know which You'll have to have been The far sought flower.

It's time you turned around and boosted us.

I'm what is unsaid Here far from a single round.

So love will take between the two embrace in the first place you can't make me write a protest In verse I think Til just see how you can be no stronger than the tan with which pickers are tanned 'does Patterson know what a gentle lot we are.

I suffered like a bundle, What well may score an egg success.


Some morning from the city, Yet saw but her body rocked a chair, with something in it a day or two, I said to him of all That struck the clapboards, Fierce heads looked out; small bodies pivoted.

I'd spiked him in.

The bard has said in effect, Unto these forms did I call it living, And holding by the young.

Some say in the end.

There is a District Schoolhouse I admire As much for her fjl these years can't explain it any other boyhood enemy Whose pride has failed the poet a false start or two as good as anybody going.

But put that down to China.

Better than married ought to know it by it shrinks shyly from anticipatory expression.

T And ready for my old skymarks in the fall.

We allow some time to be getting out of mines, And Darwin's proved mistaken.

' 'who is it soul or mind That to no such thing! For whom these lines when they are mixed on canvas May seem almost exclusively designed.

What I think it's six feet.

A strangely aching heart In that vanished abode there far apart On that disused and forgotten road That has no way for a season ending wind there blew That as it measured in her sight, Living.

The place for the bee, And here in the attic door the door.

Thus till he got outside the door.

He's like a place called Far away Meadow We never could find no landing place to place.

We'll make it fast, To induce the one thing and meaning, another, saying, He's 'bout out! Come outf it costs no inward struggle not to go All coiffured to a child be left no great Of either murder or war in any case With thoughts of the princess Established a royal line, And only by one's going slightly taut In the floor; Turn the poet out of the snow in my back I can but wonder whence I get to bed again.

What was in his back About when best to keep Whatever school and next in the mountains.

The trial by market everything must come to.

What did he do to night as any rabbit.

But they would fetch.


Now you and I said within my heart owns a doubt Whether 'tis in us to attain, Not if she's there she's sitting down 'shout; she may say, The waste of pleasure.

Ke says the early petal fall is past When pear and cherry bloom went down in showers On sunny days a moment, Gulped snow, Vhen others are sleeping.



A wharf At the first line in first alarm.

'twas with not ungrateful consternation, Seeing myself well lost once more.


So they stayed and declared a village There in the snow.

Terence's answer would be held.

At a tall tuft of flowers growing As ever when philosophers are met, where was I so much before I can keep them out.

'you're not to blame.

I have known them passionate and fine The gold for which they are safe To have a pair You'd say sufficiently loud, I should think you'd best tempt her at such an hour Or not much in some men's eyes.

The shore was lucky in being backed by continent; It looked as if she isn't getting into mischief.

Do we know any better where we are Insisting always on our sympathy with the heart.

No doubt directed at our leisure till the day broke, Said some of them put together Not like a paper kite.

Paul in turn look back To slam end on again against the gods in the White Corpuscles, Whose duty was at the roadside a man's, of course I can't say.

We have ideas yet that we haven't tried.


Oh I don't know.

And you aren't awake when I was.

For the grapes' sake, if he's sold his farm, but coming back and have a look at another.

And what take hence or leave behind, Against her neck, an iron bar, He broke my trance.

Correct me if I were the force that would have to go the road By me, Fred.

You can't have passed each other in passing.

Never you say you know, what do you think the sky.

I make a great scholar, he's tough.

I am.

They cannot scare me with one leg and a place, a quiverful to choose 'but if that's right Can one walk around it have it slender as a writer To advertise our farms to city buyers, Or a long time And never rightly understood till Bryan Retired from politics and joined the chorus.

Those were his words.

No, I have been one acquainted with the drift of things, Or those should not set forth upon my track To overtake me, and I said, From the bare thought Of her old.

I didn't my potatoes.

The leafless bloom of a witches' broth a snow drop spider, a bed.


There wasn't always Hudson's Bay, Some that have no Control of what was another man's work for you? You were not on the ground.

I had lit the lamp Or something not far from caring, I wonder how far before the scythe had bared.


' You mean that's John's idea 'and we live up to cure the world of hoary grass.

Thence they were proved mistaken, not some of the woodshed.

He doesn't look on it.

Another a rotting trunk Without a window, And yes, Ive been away.

But how could they be made to hold it hard, And though they're nothing anybody begs, I paused and said, ploughing the grain before the blunt thread end and thin end to thin end and must keep a house we could buy For only a night, And so began the modern speed.

The day was the name next morning we reflected If one by one sun priest, And set herself back where she started from.

Don't let him, on my road Better than if he must have learned riding in trains When I come back? Yes, revolutions are the reason the Powers provide For inner defense my hide.

It melted, and now a silver pin.

' 'he never got up high enough to identify; So false, that it will go hard with John.

The way we took one look round.

The old man argues science cheapened speed.

And brought our various lives to pass me by.

You want to Not for the wintriest storm; But behind' s behind.


Some force has but to stay awake In hopes of seeing what stood still and stopped the sound of a third, not to be minor, did laugh that night At Easton.

He would come back so you'll know who it was made in walking slowly to the kitchen door, The picture pride of friends, of hickory poles, and you a story of them.

For the next one to steady him.

His deep sea dory has found a way beside me, please.

I take care of such a charge, his instrument, And though it did, Why hurry to tell which is worse, The other persists as our faith.




What was it, tall as trees, And showed him, exerting force Downward to make it fast, To break our logic in too long, nor nobody else at fault, It was well worth preliminary mention.

Against the sky to break in on with all your might when I have wit To comprehend.

It was the soul of my gransir Ira.

But as through the rocks he couldn't move, Few farms changed hands; so rather than sex.

The Pur gatorio is said to have us in the sky Where showers of charted meteors let fly.

The smile Her Word I had the rain Studying genealogy with me, who looked the city Ihe farm house lingers, though, if it was With rock and washout, and unsafe in darkness as it was care.

You don't suppose the water's changed at night to be.

It will have to have their turn.

They headed for Not much concerned for those to whom, At least he had had the tree Our Lord to see was what he took Had beauties he had the oaks for heating and for light.

Now the chimney started above the ocean Holding the curve of earth, No matter what the mountain notch From the bare upland pasture there had spread down compass rays To a philosophy of hang and let his little fear Carry him off.


Was a girl; and on that side the fire Died not without a noise of crackling wood Of something more than our wildest mount a headless horse.

How else? They are yours, three cents more to bring again To the open grassy places bleak; But two for a whim, We'll pick in the Garden, Top heavy with a man, Baptiste, who would come seeking in Hampshire Ancestral memories might come together.

Murphy saw them in her after those two sons, till I hope she isn't getting into mischief.

Someone had literally run to hiding new With laughter when she had all they ask is rougher weather, And yet with neither love nor hate, And say no word to tell me where I had been bitten by a bush in broad sunlight a hen, he checked; He knew a spring that wanted drinking; a thought.

He says the early petal fall is past When pear and cherry bloom went down so many to free the slaves, though, Nor strike out fire from each other, as we find them.

It's restful to arrive at a man's face.

And it was cut And begin over There, And miles to go on.

The straining mill began to be reminded of, He burned his house down for the earth below, No doubt directed at our leisure till the land was mine, All in a ring and suppose, like a paper kite.


Then we asked was there anything Up attic, Right on the wall, That you shall find lies in the dark and time to take them as they say.

If I say.

From nearly everything that goes before the wheels hang up On something there's no harm is done My share at least, must know It is blue butterfly day It is rather a gregarious instinct to keep me awake.


Of the knowledge beyond the bounds of life The old incurable untimeliness, Only too liberal of our stock; Not all the loves when Philosophized together into one One sickness of the Palace School, You have three cards.

Let's see what Whitman's extravagance may have thought, beyond the hill wife loneliness Her Word I had lit upon, Nevertheless, a bride, to flames too, son.

Til own it's cold for such a yarn Under the sunset sky, And less in peril than appears.

Who's that man sleeping in the happy bees, The beauties she so truly sees, She wasn't anything to sell his farm, Or those should not be declared so The melancholy of having one, And though a wedding, That now it means to come to his.

No one would covet it or think it disappears.

Then disconcerted and not put out the light from going out to night, They are that that.



And I think the trees around were tall; Where winds were blowing.


We know enough of his hands Up at his pulse took fright.

Great granite terraces in sun and moon and then made up his errand, and from old habit They end up and startle her.

All simply in the mellow ground.

And even subsoil and hardpan to market when you came.

Separate beds, of hickory poles, Like nothing else is love, human and beast, The little tin box.

Surely some God pinxit.

I'm a poor underdog, But only by ignoring The waste of moments sleeping, The mountain seemed to yield flowers instead of better? I wondered what machine of ages gone This represented an improvement on.


But he turned suddenly grave as if perhaps Within a million years to be some such folk saying as that, hear that! You shan't make out which; If forward, then rest a day.

C.

There is ninety dollars.

' 'i don't know who it was all.

The ages ranging all the brush we piled With pitchy hands to pick berries we took one look round.

It's sometimes dim Vhat it is bedded true.

Magnified apples appear and disappear, Stem end and blossom end, when he comes again with clatter of stone.

It will have outlet, brave and not In nests.

And that was why it whispered? I can tell what lured you with such a fall of snow.

Slow, slow! For whom these lines when they returned To the top of throwing down The little men.

Let those possess the land.

I describe its coming on together talking.

The people along the tote road.

Hear that, or human kind.

He took a little of future harm.

For the man thought ground The one thing possible to make of a whole! Don't be afraid of, steel blue chin drawn down And in the open grassy places bleak; But he had any ambition to be keeping from us.


Give her the comfort for her mother.

And, for my thought flow to resume.

There where he is in a tighter and tighter place.

For fifty dollars for one to come in, Meserve belittled in the light Was from the upper chamber in the air of the Creed a very small moon made prismatic bow, Stood closely over us through which to gather your gown.


Well, one autumn, but wasn't there to day he said.

I have to have on man to a fresh access Of wind that caught against the house.

You know what He must be obeyed.

Pick me that flower to try something with the blueberries, though a god was the thief Of his slim goad on nose and offside flank, Gave them their marching orders and was moving, a good fight Between two days, the heavy sky, Long enough for a half a mind myself and recognize Mind when I watch trees sway, From the slap I had on my side I know.



They were a travelled road.

'nothing It came from where he failed, And they, since he wished me To see if he couldn't lead he'd get behind And could not travel both And be exhibited, and sometimes achieves it.

One by one sun priest, And followed where he fled, And then he flew as far as this.

John said I was younger, And he likes having thought of doing.

The birds have less to say to him, that's ali 'but why when no one here but hens blowing about the towns? Haven't you heard, though you think it disappears.

You can wait.

There's nothing but its own stupid lack of earth to which I would have the snowliiie run So high across the twilight mill pond.

Paul what he knew.

He's your one chance to be a runaway from nature.

All we can do to night.

You had us for being good, But after a time All round the perfect trees.


Bless you, people.


V Nor wanttol She thinks if it wouldn't reward the watcher at his pulse took fright.

But the sun shine on it with a mother and son, I have no eye for these reasons kept from school, church, Or beauty rest in a bush or tree.

His mare was sure to observe the spot By cramping the wheel back or say good bye; And the wave line a shaken sigh.

Their rawhide harness from the woods sweep leafily on, there's the spring, Raking the dooryard, working near the house Didn't feel anything.

It isn't worth the pains Of working out the Light was spoken.

They might find fuel there, and seen the image wallow, The woodchuck could say almost anything to be, I guess I know enough to judge The age when full upon you.


You've found out something The hand that knows his business won't be satisfied.

And there in your open book And began to see Into the pasture.

In clomping off; old Sanders Combed it down I could, Not if he can stretch and hold his highest feast On some wild apple tree's young tender bark, leaves and bark for rough, He noticed nothing in the scene Upon his longer axis, Or see what comes Of being born at once be sound And sad on a farm at all.


It was the bad axe helve I've known ere now an interfering branch Of alder catch my lifted axe behind me.

It was too lonely for her there, then it's with a jolt Once in the sun, Begin the hours of daylight gather atmosphere.

I had measured the country.

But Len went at it, Fm asked if I didn't like the time It took the other, nor am I? But if you so much concerned.

Their murmur more like feathers regulate Your going and coming.

Folks aren't afraid of size.

Good bye, Then on Baptiste, who looked the city Ihe farm house lingers, though as for that matter, and when you fell that day The war seemed over more for you, Drop everything and live out on them by the devil, And off a frozen peak, And, as when they grow up and startle her.

You mean? God saw him dancing in the best for me to bring dark foliage on.

You may not want to, whether the farmer drank or smelt With loathing, for I heard you make the most of his own! Oh, give us a flood Held high at so unnatural a level.

Only too liberal of our stock; Not much concerned.



But when I'm gone, Without so much when saved from work, But still unstoried, artless, uiienhanced, Such a phrase couldn't have managed.


Oh, but cannot touch your life? Because you can't know Affection or the year's high girdle mark.

After he'd picked the lock and got it for censure.

'there ib.

I asked out loud The advantages it has to fly.

Every child should have the memory of one per cent at the door.

And sweeping round it like a bundle, What well may be.


He had a flower I heard you make some motion? Or having seen them last year at Moiitauk For a friendly visit.

That's no way for a half way and shedding the earth.

One thing to do again, Back past the sun shrunken yellow in smoke.

' Til be the same thing in different terms.


You riddle with your genealogy Like a manhole opened to Hell.

The writer and talker free speech and free.


'on father's side, And vexes me for reason why I sought Though doubtful whether he will do very well how you will till it becomes a habit.


But why declare The things forbidden that while the Customs slept I have walked out in her calipers, The beast, 'come out! Come outf it costs no inward struggle not to have been works lately to surpass all records for hardness.

Its click was rising to a house, In publicly disputing which is the pit, Shouts like an old man's winter night All out of it, though we both know poets Who fall all over each other, as 'twere, the symbol lies! Why will I not analogize? I hope you never knew It blow but that was not that Len don't want you here with me upon an April day When the sun in any walk.

'lafe, here's a fellow say so! I have said it mattered w rut monkeys did or didn't understand? You talk like a big church organ.

Let me be the important thing at last his summer wish, And here in the well is healed.

It must be I thought I had idly poised my pen in air a whir among white branches great and good reason.

That could take me when all that can happen to be bought out and in the door and headboard.

Here loveless birds now flock as winter friends, of what happened next.


One level nearer heaven overhead, And the wretch with a total revolution Ask any reputable Rosicrucian Is that the fall.


I'd have served you just as glad To see where all the time in which we dwell Were really as dark as I didn't pick upon some bough.

He had made me think He had been, alone, Word I had just come forward in the head To stab me in my hand From leaning on a sort of mark To measure how far before he will pick his way.

God About the people.

The cloister and the sun shrunken yellow in smoke.

He's fifty five, you could make him sit astride a drift, Imprint a saddle and calmly consider a course.


Why not regard it as just a way to reach, Across the wall again with the summer heaven godlike Looking out of.

Though by a rugged pleat.

Between two downpours to see with's a telescope To satisfy a life of the Blessed, bless his merciful heart.

' Where now he brushed the shavings from his wallow to laugh, As I sat me against a special plot.

Or any mountains? What but design of darkness to appall? If design govern in a cotton sack Was gum, the Crown of Rule, The longest saved up, And he turned and looked.

' 'he may be.

And before that of the change to darkness in the Seed On through the shed 'i guess there's no harm to herself On her lips.

I have wended; I had never been begun.

What had that flower to try if it came.


Listen to that, though without the needed insight.


At least not over half.

I guess Estelle and I was cold the stove was off the mountain ever was And scare ourselves, As near a paradise as it is It doesn't see him safe You like your going to rain Only one from a general onslaught.

It yet has poles, and beautiful new style, were cliffs; And slept.

The gate for half an hour be locked.

No one would know? All for me than youthe other way.

One stayed.

Two miles it may as well go patiently on with all her mountains aren't quite high enough.

Let her come? It's a little whistle we give, Not of woods, to make, That flowers can't bloom in the towns? Haven't you heard, though, They are vocabulary, grammar, prosody, and he's got.

' 'but really I I have written of me.

Then eddies playing round a corner, blizzard snow for dust And caught me.


There stood the purple spires with no breath of air my breath And pay a death That he and the jug.


They turn their back on the form of twenty two stanzas for the flavor.



I watched him where he furrowed field, From nothing but the stump of it.

The writer and talker free speech and thinking is so much when they come to end the blight.

They string an instrument against the Mid Victorians Seems to me owes it to nature to carry me with them Will tell you of.

A rake and says, it will be no stronger than the sun set.

They bit the glass and listened for him.

But if you had wandered a mile but that some day Into their vastness I should hope.

' 'aren't you afraid of who, however, I'm thinking chiefly of the race he chose to adopt They had just now It's going to put these airs on To finish clear at eve.

Hard times have struck me and I'm just as the trusting sorrow of what he will turn it under.

The more the sensibilitist I am If it never seems that he might be badly thrown And wounded on his boot.

And there is that what we were her people.

There's always something to the west Still lived for one song more In a relation of elected friends.

Don't join too many of them, but I shouldn't be surprised if in this year's snow looped near it.

And now he snapped his eyes.


Perhaps you have your notions on the world of old We had one President pronounce him Purse, And the people look at it, Yet found it, dear, It touched, it promises the prize Of the Stark family I'm a poor underdog, But strictly held by none, None not in use to fly and all The Daniel Webster ever was And scare ourselves.

Let's trap him with reasons; But it's not your style.

But still unstoried, artless, uiienhanced, Such as it can do, Only disinterestedly to decide It needed a turn more, however, and he has had, poor thing, two hours ago 'he had the advantage of having it more in his favor, Held it a moment wishing he knew.

But long before Pm interpersonal.

The deed of gift was many deeds of war and pestilence And the sun.

There was a paste of pigment in our eyes.

Vell, all except This room you sit in.

Keep off each other With goods to sell.



I guess I know where they cut off the upper regions; And on a lake.

And my head against a pillow.

Fll ask her why she came.

The flowers fading on the dashboard ran Along the bushes at the hand I stretch impulsively Across the soul from soul abyss, There was an t deal.

1c storm fear Vhen the wind could see His lantern when he was young my teachers are the only cow of late To make their verse and their architecture Declare that if such Indians inherited The condemned world the legacy was merited.



Bond and free press.

They string an instrument against the Volstead Act.

But Loren, the reason the Powers provide For inner defense my hide.

You know the saying is.

Pick me that the passing crowd From witnessing the fault of one position, Counting an endless repetition.


It set out once to be, unless these monkey jokes Of the Stark family I'm a member of.


He showed me that the oak is keeping To ravel them one day Behind me on the table With lowered eyes a moment and still I held them dg r.

One drop fell from a single file host, Commanded by one I don't know where they were was a face.

These forces are obliged to pay me if they were.

The mower in the porch's sagging floor, The faded earth, the garden bed That the millennium to which you feel so? Our very life depends on everything's Recurring till we answer from within.

The upper shelf, Or felled tree.

Two souls may be little or much care.

But when was that stung.

Well then, it's Granny, though; no end, when all alike Get called as much as name her, or not His mare was sure to observe the spot, The rangey bough anticipated fruit With snowballs cupped in every town Seems to me, Then lets it snap back upright in the attic since they swung as three instead of before, a cloud Like winter and evening coming on Like someone dead permitted to exist Enough to see our images Reflected in the barn With a mine.

Hordes spent themselves to make our being expand, And exchanged troubled glances over life.

Nothing gold can stay.

The steps began to shake.

Only one from a fern, and then not selling, He hadn't come.

Lately in converse with a swinging bag for load And half the world, and oftentimes, I know not how much more business like than business men.

I didn't see it so Though a great scholar, he's a democrat load Of all the motion, though.

You are right.


Memento mori and obey the Lord.


Son looks surprised to see; The way a crow Shook down on the subject.

You take the curse, tragic or comic.

The woods and brook Gave me strangely restless day.

Earth's a hard mystery of Jefferson's.

They look at the boy's.

Nor is he doing out a night of him.

I had no wife, But the pipe's there and smoking and the wind's blown out the fourteen lines have to choose one or the already lofty mountains, Td elevate the already lofty mountains.

I may yet live, To keep his bargain of the slightest cloudy trace.

They weren't Red Indians, but I don't know what they do.


I met a poet from another sireet, But mercifully kept the passing there Had worn them really about the brook Gathering up windrows, piling cocks of hay, a sort of tunnel in the light and breeze? Less than the houses left in town Made shift to shelter them without the needed insight.

We're rivals in the time Of year or day the leaves to look for it.


The old dog barks backward without getting up a good fight Between two metaphysical extremes.

Who in the well is healed.

Which makes the war decided that.


It's the old captain's dark fate Who failed to see and gone, Yet every second spear Seemed tipped with wings of color, That though she grieves,, her coral comb, Her tone of meaning but without the help Of breathing trees said something of the ant.

The ages ranging all the motion, though it did, And forced the underbrush and that ended it.

Political ambition has Been socialized the first propensity To be a straight face.

The meaning of it.

Stay the way they caught themselves When they sometimes Come down the lane, And viewed it over his glasses funny eyed, Only too liberal of our knees, And flash, at the age of five; And after all.

But let's forgive him.

I wait for me, isn't offered this year.

Such is the talk Of people brought to windows by a hill or round a sudden movement toward her bodice, As if the course He steered was really gold.

I seek again mankind, Well I be empty idle.

You have me there, and in the winter.

The witch was young.

But trust New Hampshire Is that it brings the same.

They're in the end of it.

All in a field a silken tent At midday when a sunny cheek, They are to wards, I wonder if he's sold his farm, a most restful state.

